---
sidebar_label: October 24, 2024
---

# DormCon GBM Minutes 10/24/2024

**Date:** 24 October 2024  
**Location:** Next House TFL  
**Attendees:**

- Presidents
    - Baker \- Camila
    - Burton Connor \- not present
    - East Campus \- not present
    - MacGregor \- proxy
    - Maseeh \- not present
    - McCormick \- Jyotsna
    - New House \- David
    - New Vassar \- Michaela
    - Next \- Geoffrey (proxy)
    - Random \- Bianca \+ Lauren
    - Simmons \- Gabbie
- Exec Members
    - President \- Jordan
    - VP \- Ananda
    - Secretary \- Lauren
    - Treasurer \- not present
    - Underclassmen Rep \- Eugenie
    - Dining Chairs \- Daniel
    - Tech Chair \- Temkin proxy
    - JudComm \- Geoffrey
    - Housing Chairs \- Temkin

:::note

If you find any issues with the meeting minutes, please email
[dormcon-secretary@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-secretary@mit.edu)

:::

## TL;DR (will be created after the meeting)

- Important notes for presidents:
    - send dorm dining chair info to DormCon dining chairs (Daniel \+ Gabe) \-
      there will be an email\!
    - apple-picking is $20 per person\! based on allocated spots, not how many
      people actually showed up
    - maybe talk to dorms about MIT PD events?? but this is quite unpopular so
      likely to not happen/only happen in extremely limited cases
    - reach out to DSL if you want funding for inter-dorm events (apparently
      theyâ€™re excited about that)
- Exec updates
    - email housing chairs if there are things they should bring to HRS or RCL
      meetings
    - paper cups are not coming back in Maseeh :(
    - concord market people will come to a meeting (TBD) at some point
        - current thought is maybe a special-edition GBM right before
          Thanksgiving?
    - dunkin rewards program will starting :) and then maybe a teado one too??
    - responses from Stata food survey will be discussed with dining chairs
    - SaveTFP event is likely to be next semester\!
    - DSL wants to fund inter-dorm events
- Apples
    - $20 per person, 351/500 showed up
    - considering running centrally in the future, like emails/communications
      straight from DormCon instead of going through dorms
    - considering solutions for no-show problem
    - in the future \- have a set spot for every dorm to line up (lots of
      morning-of confusion)
- MIT PD events
    - DSL wants to assign police officers to dorms and have in-dorm events with
      them ðŸ˜­
    - fairly unpopular, though a couple people were in support \- very different
      views between dorms
    - should not happen in living spaces (e.g., lounges) \- better to happen in
      public areas or better, outside, or even better, on campus instead of in
      dorms
    - Jordan and Ananda will take our thoughts back to DSL and things will
      continue in discussion
- Presidential updates
    - generally good\! events are happening. apples happened.
    - random is thinking about discord moderation, simmons really HAD to think
      about discord moderation over the summerâ€¦

## Full minutes

### Exec Updates

- Housing
    - meeting with HRS next week, RCL (residential and community life\!) the
      week after
        - theyâ€™re above the area directors
        - Amanda is RCL \- itâ€™s Amanda up to Helen
        - GRAs are technically RCL, theyâ€™re under HoH \- weird org chart
        - they do things with dormspam, etc. \- general residential life things
    - email housing chairs with anything they should to talk to HRS about\!
- Tech
    - join-dormspam.mit.edu is working :)
    - Gabriel is extremely powerful and figured out a way to have people add
      themselves to mailman lists w/o going through the terrible UI\!\!\!
- Dining
    - no longer paper cups in Maseeh :(( \- e.g., canâ€™t take out tea
        - itâ€™s HERE TO STAY \- intentional
        - They have a â€œchinaâ€ program meaning people are supposed to use real
          china, paper cups are only if youâ€™re using a green box
        - if youâ€™re not using a green box youâ€™re not supposed to take anything
          with you :/
        - Geoffrey has a Ziploc bag ready ðŸ˜­
        - you can sometimes get CODed for stealing things from dining halls 0.0
            - someone took a bag of bagels and MIT came after them for stealing
              MIT property
            - someone in EC
        - can direct comments and concerns \=\> tech chairs, but theyâ€™re â€œvery
          dedicated to their platewareâ€
            - people are stealing the plates
            - there are stolen dishes in Simmons lounges (and on loopâ€¦ in
              randomâ€¦)
            - every living group has stolen dishes lol
        - Ananda \- are there plans to include reusable cups? what about
          late-night?
            - late night works that way because of logistical reasons \- trying
              to move to plateware
            - Mark and Heather want it to be plateware
            - late night is green boxes and take-out
            - logistically better to have paper things for late-night
            - they want late-night to be green boxes only, instead theyâ€™re
              putting out paper boxes/paper plates, issue is that there arenâ€™t
              enough green boxes
            - reusable to-go cups?
                - another program similar to green boxes with metal containers,
                  different components (mug, box, silverware) \- each one has a
                  QR code lol \- you rent it for 3 days \- has a dollar amount
                  and is on your MIT account \- if you donâ€™t return, you get
                  charged a late fee \- library book policy (yikes?)
                - Camila: 3 days seems short, would forget, sometimes go to
                  dining hall not from room
                - Jordan: disincentivizes people who donâ€™t live in dining dorm
                  \- itâ€™s a pain to go between your non-dining dorm and a dining
                  dorm to drop off reusable dishes
                - Daniel \- will take this feedback back
                - not through dining, through policy
    - want to schedule concord market people to come talk
        - having them come to a GBM?
            - sounds good\!
        - what would they talk about?
            - answer questions about concord market, give their pitch
        - ananda \- could they bring in pastries?
        - jordan \- it would be cool if they brought the catering to a dormcon
          meetingâ€¦?
            - daniel \- asked if they could cater, but mark wasnâ€™t sure it was
              feasible, pastries would be portable
        - scheduling \- wanted to give them a few days, when to do?
            - two more this semester, one in Random, last is elections
            - take to immediately after meeting (random and mccormick should
              stay\!\!)
    - dunkin rewards program coming to stud, and mobile ordering\!\!\!
        - \*cheers all around\*
        - before, could only use techcash rewards system
        - if it goes well, will roll over and maybe use at teado?
        - will be self-pubbing (could put it on a dorms@?)
        - hasnâ€™t started yet, will likely show up in dining digest (emails to
          people w meal plans/otherwise connected to dining)
    - needs dorm dining chair info\!\!
        - look out for an email to gather contact info from dining chairs \-
          want to start scheduling meetings
    - cup thing was not communicated
        - they donâ€™t really Want to communicate that alsoâ€¦ not a way to
          effectively communicate reasoningâ€¦ â€œso normal to want to take warm
          beverages with caffeine to classâ€
        - apparently people were sneaking entire meals out in the cups LOL
- Underclassmen rep (Eugenie)
    - looked at Stata food availability survey
    - lots of people wanting to have meal swipes usable at Stata
        - secondary concern
    - hoping to reach out to appropriate people
        - dining chairs
    - meal swipes at Stata was not mentioned in survey?
        - it was a secondary question (would you eat more at Stata if you could
          use your meal swipes)
        - in comments box, a ton of people commented about it
    - will chat with dining chairs
- Advisor
    - none
- Felicity
    - talked to SaveTFP people
        - could do an event this semester, would have to be Saturday event, no
          guarantee that SaveTFP members will be there (the rolling commitment
          is Friday events)
        - could do it next semester \- would need to propose before semester
          planning meeting in February, would have time by then
            - what meeting would involve
            - what students would do
            - funding \- how much SaveTFP and how much DormCon
            - time \+ location \- probably 9-11 in wellbeing lab
            - someone in dormcon would need to spearhead
        - person to spearhead \- Felicity will be out of DormCon next semester
            - Jordan \- if you want to do this, you could; also fine if you
              donâ€™t want to
            - will keep thinking about point person
        - Ananda \- does SaveTFP have a usual budget on their side
            - â€œtheoretically yesâ€ \- no hard limit?
            - precedent from other partnerships? Felicity will ask
- Underclassmen Rep (Guy)
    - keeps emailing Keith
    - Temkin says it worked today? so list does exist?
- JudComm (Geoffrey)
    - no updates
- President/VP updates
    - â€œAPPLE APPLE APPLEâ€
        - congrats on surviving apples
        - there are so many apples\!
            - random had an apple-baking competition ðŸ™‚
            - mccormick is going to run an event this weekend (great mccormick
              bakeoff\!)
        - â€œonly slightly traumatized by the experience, which I call a winâ€ \-
          ananda
    - talking to mccormick/ec/bc about groupchat for renovations\! sharing
      knowledge about renovation meetings, etc. \- dormcon hopes to support
      dorms, move forward w renovation conversations with respect/relevance
    - met w suzy et. al. last week
        - one of the biggest things that came out was that DSL is interested in
          support inter-dorm events with money 0.0
        - if your dorm is planning an inter-dorm formal or some suchâ€¦
        - unclear if next simmons mccormick are having their formal or not???
          maybe mccormick not in it :(
        - DSL is interested in giving money\!\!\! email Helen Wang or talk to
          Pres/VP

### Apples Apples Apples

- $20 per person, based on original allocation
- significantly fewer people showed up than allocated \- includes the $5
  everyone paid \- significantly lower than previous years
- 351 people showed up
    - â€œyou may notice is significantly less than 500â€
- write a thing for next year to tell people NOT to buy more than 400 spots
- making sure who pays the $5 is the dormâ€™s responsibility
- mccormick had 3 people who didnâ€™t showâ€¦ â€œbaker is a very different storyâ€
- resolutions for no-show problem?
    - increasing amount people pay (some people donâ€™t care about $5)
        - were also midterms
    - allocating fewer spots
    - over-allocating (airline momentâ€¦)
    - could tell people that the dorm is paying $ for people to go, and that
      they will be costing moneyâ€¦
        - this was done to guilt-trip people about disorientation lmao
        - â€œbe aggressive and funnyâ€
    - more centralized communication?
        - historically dorm-based
        - query from jordan: is it worth it for it to continue to be on a
          dorm-by-dorm basis
            - people think yes
            - easier to estimate
            - I do think random attendance might go downâ€¦
            - Guy: making it AdMIT One \- can put a cap on amount of people from
              given dorm, doesnâ€™t think lopsidedness is a problem
            - â€œRandomâ€™s interest is high, bakerâ€™s is very very lowâ€ \- head of
              the charles and sports were a problem, only 3 people actually went
              \- baker might just not participate in future
        - if centralized \- dormcon canâ€™t pay for it. so if itâ€™s centralized,
          how \*do\* you pay for it?
            - maybe still have dorms pay for people
            - logistically, have one massive list?
            - doing AdMIT One through engage? can sell things straight through
              engage
            - registering on atlas, getting approved through engage, have some
              sort of centralized thing, or dormcon makes 10-11
            - collect dorm information in RSVP, can restrict to dorm residents
              by importing dorms@ list to Dorms engage groupâ€¦
            - could be useful to think about, in the future when the new people
              for next year are actually here lol
- day-of logistics feedback?
    - in the morning, when everyone meets
        - having set spots for dorms (so true)
            - in past years \- taped signs to kresge \- forgot this year
        - random put people in a line and had them group up and they made their
          own line :)
            - if everyone had a lineâ€¦
    - other comments? no.

### MIT PD

- DSL had this idea that theyâ€™re referring to as a â€œneighborhood policing
  conceptâ€
    - what?
- they want to have one designated police officer assigned to dorm \- not like
  how AD is in house, but would be same officer
    - not like emergencies, but small things
- MIT PD has bad reputation and relationship with students, hasnâ€™t always been
  the case
    - have the â€œbest police officersâ€ build community and trust in the dorms
    - police-themed study breaks ðŸ˜­ in the sense of safety
        - event for freshmen on living in the city
    - Gabbie \- there was a really nice police officer during orientation, talks
      to all OLs, all the first-years love him, heâ€™s so nice, nice to get info
      from source that youâ€™re going to have to give information to
        - more free food study breaks are good
    - Bianca \- our AD has historically had an event where a police officer
      comes and talks about safety
        - people felt fundamentally uncomfortable about police officers in
          living space, also because Foo is a living/dining space, uniformed
          police officer with a gunâ€¦
            - Jordan \- should be in plainclothes with NO GUN
        - lots of community backlash, doesnâ€™t happen anymore
            - consider this to be a success
            - when reporting incidents, police have to come, which is bad
            - people have had bad experiences with police, lots of emphasis on
              not having police with guns there
            - some of this mistrust is what theyâ€™re trying to fix, but not sure
              that is the answer
            - Gabbie \- how else do you make people comfortable?
        - Amanda \- Random event was a longstanding thing, didnâ€™t help
          relationship
        - Guy \- thinks there is a use in having people get to know each other,
          nonantagonistic relationship, wouldnâ€™t want to see cop in lounge, but
          like in the first floor of Baker, itâ€™s a public area, not an
          expectation of privacy, fine to see a cop talking about public
          safety/getting to know community
        - Camila \- how often would officer be there?
            - Jordan \- maybe twice a semester?
        - Jordan \- outdoor event could be more agreeable, better at grills than
          in the building
        - SROs at Camilaâ€™s high school did Not play basketball with them, very
          different experience than Guy
        - Farin \- agrees with all the thoughts, can do outreach anywhere else,
          can do it at the station in the Infinite, give students the choice,
          people coming from different backgrounds, people shouldnâ€™t have to
          have positive opinion of cops, give people the option and plenty of
          space, they have a job to do, has a bit of an iffy feeling toward cop
          events, would rather have it on campus
        - Ananda \- their logic is that when there is an event, and police have
          to come, reaction might be less negative
        - â€œis it their personal feelings?â€ \- farin \- not clear on where the
          motivation comes from
        - Gabbie \- had police officer at high school, say thereâ€™s a police
          officer who comes into your living space, more comfortable if you do
          know who they are over not
        - Farin \- comfort is good
            - theyâ€™ll pick and choose cops, right? will they make sure that the
              same cop always handles issues for a given dorm?
            - jordan \- understood it as â€œwhen possibleâ€
        - could be useful to have an info session
        - cops are chronically getting lost in random and then wandering around
          on the wrong floor
        - camila \- go back to dorms and ask?
        - geoffrey \- will letting them in the dorms twice a semester make them
          come more often
        - farin: dorms are supposed to be like homes/apartments and there arenâ€™t
          usually cops in homes/apartments
            - ananda \- better if it were out front?
            - farin \- would want to check with dorm
        - if this did happen, it would be one dorm with one person \- what kind
          of process would you want to before?
            - reaching out to exec, who can reach out to students
            - letting house teams know
            - go through students, not house teams
        - daniel \- donâ€™t want them to try in one dorm and say then it will work
          in every other dorm
            - for this to go ahead in random, would need 100% of randomites to
              say yes
        - geoffrey \- while in dorm, would they have law enforcement powers
            - guy \- donâ€™t do a line of coke in front of themâ€¦
            - daniel \- can see it happening where someone gets uncomfortable,
              acts out
                - what happens when someone protests the cop meetingâ€¦
                - or what if an underage student has alcohol and the cop sees
                  itâ€¦
            - guy \- have it in a public space, â€œrandom has no public space, so
              maybe give them a breakâ€, if I have a beer in my hand in a public
              space thatâ€™s a problem, do it in places where kids already know
              not to do illegal things
                - â€œgetting closer to the Andy-Griffith-type copâ€
        - jordan \- interested in people interviewing the cop?
            - farin \- could do a â€œcop town hallâ€
            - interviews \- could find someone whoâ€™s a good fit for your dorm
            - â€œsimmons culture is quirkyâ€ \- gabbie â€œnot like other girls?â€ \-
              ananda
            - felicity \- is it theyâ€™re getting feedback and will do it either
              way, or theyâ€™re getting feedback and then will decide whether to
              do that?
                - if jordan told them that students would riot, they wouldnâ€™t do
                  it
                - specific instances in which it might work, would need to be
                  very careful, only for specific communities, intentional and
                  careful, could potentially be feasible? but itâ€™s a risk
- intentionality and care.
- ANYWAY

### Dorm Updates

- simmons
    - house retreat, apples are cool
- next
    - no formal with mccormick, but want to have a basement party, internal bike
      lottery, lotterying unused bikes, next haunt, pumpkins, house team good at
      running social events, AD brought up having election night surprise snacks
      for election night \>.\< \- grill ventilation still broken for several
      weeks, still canâ€™t make burgers
- new vassar
    - 17/35 people showed up for apple-picking
- mccormick
    - talking to hrs about community survey about renovation
    - loosely planning an event this semester, one each semester, lots of money
      to use up before they go under
- baker
    - no major events, camila is sad about apple-picking
- macgregor
    - planning halloween event, making progress towards space
- random
    - apple-picking went well, apple-baking went well, only 6 or 7 drop-outs,
      house team is doing a good job of regular events, good b/c theyâ€™re new,
      people like them
    - dormwide discord, presidents moderate :(, weâ€™re realizing that community
      moderation canâ€™t be done by 1-2 people, surveying community about better
      discord moderation, if people have thoughts/experience
        - lots of screaming\!
        - simmons discord almost got taken over by DSL because of a series of
          events?? went VERY high up? over the summer? we wonâ€™t put all this in
          the minutes. but yikes. now the random hall discord feels calm.
    - simmons made a policy with community standards and such \- people who live
      in simmons have moderation power \- temkin will screenshot and send to us
        - tech chair, president, house chair?
        - random thinking of also expanding list of moderators
        - have to check a box and agree before they can talk in the server
    - new
        - also planning formal, internal, laundry/dryer repairs, area director
          is away for something (OOO), have a covering AD
