---
sidebar_label: September 12, 2024
---

# Dormcon GBM Minutes 9/12/2024

Date: 9/12/2024  
Location: Simmons  
Attendees: Jordan, Ananda, Daniel, Gabe, Diego, Kamila (Baker), Maddy (Baker),
Gabbie (Simmons), Lauren (Random), Bianca (Random), Leo (Next), David (New),
Felicity (McCormick), Aidan (Masseh), Michaela (New Vassar), Geoffrey, Tyler

:::note

If you find any issues with the meeting minutes, please email
[dormcon-secretary@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-secretary@mit.edu)

:::

## TL;DR (will be created after the meeting)

## Full minutes

### Attempt to elect three positions here\!\!

Prev responses:
[DormCon Intent to Run (Fall '24 special election) (Responses)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lkJ2lOt8gOPTis99HG_XXKAfzu5zZJFN0R60MFQQQxU/edit?fbclid=IwZXh0bgNhZW0CMTEAAR0wmDXHk_Q0jMbsNZDkIqD_X8DYEXU-pxVpvsYIxtse4JC0J_Yb9ITfZlk_aem_xi_JJfFX3PSSF_HfZZ0ILw&gid=1444688519#gid=1444688519)

1. Underclassmen Rep
2. Dining Chair
3. Secretary

- Rundown of things that each of the positions do.
- Explanation of the process

1. Underclassmen Rep ‚Äî **Eugenie**

2. Dining Chair
    1. Gabriel ‚Äì Realized the bad food needs to be changed üí™
    2. Hannah ‚Äî Trying to get a mealplan exemption, can‚Äôt eat some of the food
        1. Unyes
    3. **Gabriel**

3. Secretary \- **Lauren**

### East Campus Budget Request

- Standing in for River and Fadi
- FredFest: Tradition held every year. Have local bands playing, non alcoholic,
  want everyone to come to
    - Want $1750 (cut from 2000\) from DormCon, so I need an amount for audio,
      lights, setup, etc.
    - [Fredfest Budget 2024](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1SjGixFG676ISe4TMKxzrEGWhz0vAK4PIm0vSDsmX8ws/edit?usp=sharing)
- Leo: Has more money because increased dorm tax, have not gotten house tax yet
  (not currently in the red)
    - We gave a lot of money to BC last year
- Have a similar amount of funding for funding events like last year
- Will be pubbed to all of MIT Campus
- Getting Audio/AV from IS\&T (recommended to not get it from them).
- Q for Treasurer: Has a per-event cap on money sent to dorms?
- [https://dormcon.mit.edu/about/funding/](https://dormcon.mit.edu/about/funding/)
- DormCon has funded this event in the past in 2022
- Applying for Funding from CAMit, and LEF
    - Asking increased by $1k from CAMit
- Motion approves \!\!\!

### Apple Picking Updates

- We have booked buses (thx Gabe\!), have much better bus rates
- Planning on \~400 spots (\~8 Buses of 50\)
    - Don‚Äôt have exact costs, should be significantly less than last year.
- Allocations?
    - Last yr, dorms asked folks who wanted to go. Based on interest, dorms got
      more spots up to a certain cap.
    - Do even splits? May not be good,
        - Proportional? Everyone in Random wants to go.
    - Maybe we should do what it was like last yr.
- 5 months away, no one wants to commit
- Want to improve the waitlist process ‚Äì lots of people dipped last minute last
  year and took spots from other people.
- Idea: Prebooked, have to be there by 8:45. After that, anyone can come
    - We can organize it however we like.
    - Last year, each dorm had a rep that ensured taking attendance.
- Question: An online queue?
    - Instead of dorm-specific sign ups, then just have people opt-in or opt-out
      of the queue.
- Instead of a waitlist, a standby for anyone who wants to come?
- Do a reverification process? Make it so that you have to sign up for it again.
- What happened last yr: In Simmons, whoever shows up was able to go
- Previous years, everyone has been able to go ‚Äì there is always some free
  space.
- Next thing: Money. Last year, charged $5-10 a person so it would give them
  some stake in the matter
- Q: Apple Bags?
    - In the past, Dorms work with their own Area Director to pay for the bags.
- Q: Is the cost to dorms based on how many spots?
    - A: Yes.
- October 19th

## Exec Updates

[Dormcon GBM Updates 9/12/24](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1deKbrwA34nTfSc1Rnqyvb2_7-JH65VcjDThqLw3hx4w/edit?usp=sharing)

## Dorm Prez

Michaela:

- Hosted elections, have meetings scheduled
- Money from Laundry: Where‚Äôs it at?
    - MacG: Last Yr, sept through april was deposited in one go
    - April 29th to May 26th was also deposited i

Aidan:

- Town Hall on Sunday to eductate People about Masseh Constitution
- Going to have a Masseh Formal

Simmons:

- No House Meeting Yet
- Let us know in 2 Week

Random:

- Dealt with dormspam stuff
- Electing Judcom
- WIll have meetings,

Next:

- Start of semester, rallying social chairs
- Planning Next, Simmons, New (?) formal
- Emailing Keith to get express guest list working earlier
    - May have influenced express guest list for all p

Baker:

- Have a Piano for drop (still in spring)
- Figuring out Mailing list
- House team expressed interest in doing a Junior event (they feel unloved) ‚Äî
  Boat Cruise?
- Renovating Baker Gym

New:

- Met with GRAs, house Presidents, New House exec, orienting for the future,
  including dormspam
- Want to do a formal\! Want to collab with other dorms
- HRS funded sound-proofing roofs of Gyms and Music Rooms for us\! Maybe y‚Äôall
  want it to do it.

MacG:

- First big meeting yday, turnout was pretty good.
- Just elected Secretary, Treasurer, webmasters
- Planning on doing new events this year (e.g. Halloween Event, costume contest)
- Mac Rager???
- In terms of Rex funding, don‚Äôt see it (CPW yes? maybe)

## Dormspam

- New, MacG did not meet with Helen yet
- Upperclassmen Opt-in?? Maybe, eventually
    - Good idea to have it planned for how it will work.
    - Random: Met with Helen, said she would love it to be done as soon as
      possible (wierd bc Jordan said it can happen whenever).
        - Okay with them not using mailman
        - Since their plan was to create a new list
        - Got the vibe to be ‚Äúas soon as possible‚Äù want everyone to be opt-in.
- Communication about getting non-students off their lists?
    - Next: 600 non-active Students
    - Simmons: Talked about how to unsubscribe, and doing filtering/digesting.
        - Some meeting on Sunday
- Curious: Know how many freshmen have joined?
    - Random: 93%
    - Maybe having google forms to survey freshmen
    - Please reach out if you have any questions\!
- **Dormpub isn‚Äôt a thing anymore**
- Is it possible to have a [dormspam@mit.edu](mailto:dormspam@mit.edu) ?
- ASA may also be working on a mailing list
- Diego: Like the specificity of being able to filter emails.
- Lauren: Worried if that there‚Äôs a centralized list, it‚Äôs not hard to kill
  dormspam
    - Jordan: Think it‚Äôs not that hard right now to kill dormspam
- MIT is in a lawsuit rn about mailing lists
- Decentralization makes it easier to be in the dorm community-focused
- Campus Groups and Engage
- Easier to kill the rest of dorm spam with a single mailing list
    - Centralizing makes it easier to define more narrowly
- Frat Chat: Maybe something sim
- Explain what dormspam \* isn‚Äôt \* rather it is?
    - Problem is: Rather hard to define. Like, they decide what it is and what
      it isn‚Äôt?
    - Example: tetazoo glounge. Kinda explains the entire thing of dormspam.
      Some houses decide what goes through and what does not go through
- Grad Dormspam
