---
sidebar_label: November 7, 2024
---

# DormCon GBM Minutes 11/07/2024

Date: 07 November 2024  
Location: Random Hall Foo Lounge

:::note

If you find any issues with the meeting minutes, please email
[dormcon-secretary@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-secretary@mit.edu)

:::

## TL;DR (will be created after the meeting)

Exec updates (see
[document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gG6Jt0VgUoxomi51YZ5DBsKmGWUAd376sEU2OjfD7Hg/edit?usp=sharing)
for more detail):

- Treasurer
    - Debits for apple-picking will be going out to presidents
    - working on getting house tax from dorms \=\> DormCon
- JudComm
    - elections in 4 weeks\!\!
- Housing
    - ResLife might want a working group around an infographic with resources,
      dialogue across differences?
    - HRS wants to talk about women-only spaces in other dorms, will also be
      putting some people in Tang
    - discussion around personal wheels, no immediate updates
    - strong interest in having fire department come and demo smoking up a floor
- Dining
    - will be part of new HRS website, and will have menu
    - Heather is very sold on the metal box program (Usefull) instead of green
      boxes, has been some discussion of student concerns (e.g., return time)
    - working on food waste \- Dining is interested in the difference between
      plate waste vs. overproduction, also in which dorms have compost bins and
      where
- President
    - talked to Suzy et. al. about MedLinks not being able to give out medicine,
      theyâ€™re going to talk to MIT Medical
    - theyâ€™re trying to make the RPM program better
        - suggestion to have RPMs teach life skills?
    - Concord Market GBM will be on the 21st, probably?

DSL Visiting Committee:

- Question about what presidents would like communicated to the committee?
    - PLEASURE is struggling, needs more administrative support
    - decline of east-side things and student freedom (the things that make MIT
      cool)
    - things fall on student shoulders (CPW/REX) and are made difficult by red
      tape \- e.g., the RFP system, things like suddenly having to feed everyone
      during REX, etc.
    - placing liability over student well-being

Bike Racks/Personal Wheels Discussion: punted to next GBM

President Updates (re: election, and also just in general):

- election-related:
    - general forms of support in dorms
    - lots of study breaks, free food, watch parties, etc.
- general:
    - continued facilities issues (Random flooded \>.\< )
    - a lot of dorms are planning ragers

## Full Minutes

### Exec Updates

- Eugenie (Underclassmen rep)
    - Met with Mark and Heather for Stata food availability, they explained why
      there arenâ€™t meal swipes/why itâ€™s expensive \- they think Stata is cheap
      (â€œall food on campus is cheap compared to other schools/off-campus foodâ€)
      \- students have the perception that it should be cheaper, and they feel
      like the price is already fair
    - talked about sending out new survey
        - idea \- could use meal swipes at Stata, but wouldnâ€™t get whole value,
          e.g. $14-15
        - problem if people eat at Stata and not dining halls
        - â€œdebtâ€
    - theyâ€™re concerned because theyâ€™re already in debt, donâ€™t want to spend
      even more money
    - another survey question \- how much do you normally buy
    - need more options \- people donâ€™t eat lunch
    - everyone is under a union, lots of constraints that make it
      complicated/expensive
- Leo (Treasurer)
    - will need to be collecting $ for apple-picking
    - hopefully will just debit us \- depends on SOLE
    - otherwise, dorm presidents might get a form for people to sign
    - SOLE is not giving DormCon their money
        - emailing daily asking â€œwhereâ€™s the house tax???â€
        - concerning
        - Ramon is out of office this week, so emails are not being answered
          (makes sense)
    - will send out how much each dorm owes for apple-picking
        - everything is \<$1500
        - you get $ into your dormâ€™s account however is convenient (e.g., cash
          deposit slip from SOLE)
    - you take cash \+ the cash deposit slip to the Bank of America
        - â€œMIT doesnâ€™t bank at the MIT Bank.â€ â€œThat makes sense.â€
    - can also make a donation to the dorm (MIT Giving Page) \- then treasurer
      is on the record of people who have given $ to MIT (you get mail from MIT
      saying youâ€™re a big giver ğŸ˜­)
    - RFPs may be blocked \- talk to Leo if this is causing problems
- Felicity
    - no updates
- JudComm (Geoffrey and Tyler)
    - no updates
    - elections are in four weeks
        - will talk about whether thereâ€™s a GBM in two weeks
    - prepare accordingly\!\! and advertise
        - CPW+REX chair (2), i3 rep (1), underclassmen rep (1)
- Farin \+ Temkin (housing)
    - Res Life meeting today
        - met with Helen and Tasha, interested in how students â€œcommunicating
          across differencesâ€ in dorms
        - want to start a working group around an infographic
            - want house teams to create â€œconversation documentsâ€
            - where people should go in different domains
            - Temkin showed graph from 2021 with bubbles (from 8.01), about
              navigating the resources at MIT
                - very fancy bubble graph O.O
                - [Navigating Resources at MIT](https://lucid.app/lucidchart/2a1cd8f8-ce7e-4398-b4b5-655c81cb54cc/view?page=0_0#)
                - made in 2020 so maybe outdated \- â€œissues with virtual
                  learningâ€
            - looking for student input \- they will follow up
    - HRS meeting
        - McCormick renovations
            - issues with transition team (McCormick has also mentioned this)
            - survey closing
            - HRS wants to talk about other dorms will welcome women-only
              students (bathrooms, spaces, rooming processes)
        - talked about facilities issues
            - Next House elevator is struggling
            - laundry
                - push notification when a laundry goes down for 30 minutes
                - if someone unplugged the router
                    - â€œthatâ€™s never happened beforeâ€
            - how many facilities problems do they actually know about?
                - simmons elevators \- how many times on their log has simmons
                  elevator been down \- 3 in the calendar year
                    - â€œI said â€˜thatâ€™s funny.â€™â€ \- temkin
        - personal wheels
            - BELIEVE IT OR NOT thereâ€™s not that much bike storage in dorms
            - grad students also complaining
            - want to put a shed by Tang and West Gate? moratorium is sad :(
                - David was so convinced there was a moratorium (Vice Provost
                  for Space) \- but this is a little bit secret?
            - guidelines arenâ€™t very good, posters arenâ€™t very good
            - they donâ€™t want things Blocking Egress
        - at one point they invited fire department and smoked up a floor in EC
          :D so much excitement
            - to show people why not to block egresses
            - would dorms be interested? YEAH
                - â€œitâ€™s like an escape room\!â€ \- ananda
            - Simmons, Baker, Next, Random, EC (next year), BC
        - student website will be out in the spring\! will consolidate
          information\!
- Gabriel (Tech Chair)
    - SIPB is cool with how-to-dormspam
    - they called Gabriel Brandon in an email (???)
- Daniel (Dining)
    - dining will be part of joint website, including the menu 0.0
    - meeting was cancelled due to the election \>.\<
    - alternative to the metal green box program
        - theyâ€™re going hard
        - theyâ€™re maybe okay with extending return time
        - going to Increase Student Accountability, which will be Great For
          Everyone\!
        - bento box \+ cup \+ silverware \- all rented out
            - â€œusefullâ€
            - [https://www.usefull.us/](https://www.usefull.us/)
        - itâ€™s like a library book \- if you donâ€™t return in time, you get
          charged (fined)
            - can extend the initial return time
        - context \- they lose hundreds of green boxes, and keep having to order
          more silverware also \>.\<
            - â€œwho would steal forks?â€ â€œnot me. not me. â€¦wellâ€¦.â€
        - the charges would be through usefull
            - and also gets charged through your credit card (have to have a
              credit card on file) \- so not enormously easy to sign up
        - needs to be a lot of communication, if the sign-up process is not
          super intuitive, also means you have to have a credit card
            - credit card or debit card
            - some students wonâ€™t have compatible ones with US system,
              especially international students
        - each piece of ware is $16, so the charge can stack up
        - when will it be implemented?
            - theyâ€™re looking at how much it would cost to switch programs \- no
              specific timeframe yet
            - they donâ€™t want to use green boxes anymore
        - weeks, months, or years?
            - heather really wants it, but doesnâ€™t know if her proposal will get
              approved
            - definitely no earlier than next semester, probably later than that
        - take-away is that green boxes are not sustainable, definitely moving
          to something like Usefull
            - they belong to bon appetit
        - ananda could see fun events at dining about the new program \- new
          thing
            - otherwise will leave a sour taste in peopleâ€™s mouths
            - people are salty about no more to-go cups, if they had done
              something with like reusable cups, people might have been happier,
              less abrupt and sad
            - makes people feel more positive about dining
            - Q+A or info session, if you argue itâ€™s more sustainable, frame it
              positively (and explain why it happens)
            - â€œMIT is doing something cool for onceâ€
        - concern about encouraging people to steal food?
            - benefit with green box \- itâ€™s so easy, hypothetically bringing a
              ziploc bag to dining
            - green boxes are more convenient than that
            - if you increase activation energy of borrowing food, encourage
              people to go around the system (bring their own Tupperware)
            - their response would be â€œwe have people Watchingâ€
            - people are going to steal food regardless
            - once youâ€™ve made an account itâ€™s as easy as a green box
            - â€œmore convenient to have a Usefull box than a Ziploc bag full of
              chickenâ€
    - difference between plate waste and overproduction (e.g., students throw
      away, vs. food that is never served)
        - trying to figure out where food waste is coming from
        - composting in CFY dorms
        - waste-watchers also exist
    - Maseeh Dining will be closed next Monday
        - theyâ€™ll hopefully email to everyone, otherwise weâ€™ll dormspam
        - they emailed dorm presidents asking us to email, doesnâ€™t make sense,
          asked them to send their own emails please
    - â€œtransformational experience of being lied toâ€
    - no update regarding Cnocord Market tour, no meeting this week, sad
    - hopefully an 11/21 GBM with Concord Market
        - Mark hasnâ€™t talked to Concord Market, had to cancel the meeting
        - Concord said â€œwe canâ€™t talk today.â€ ğŸ˜­
    - which dorms have compost bins
        - McCormick, Baker, Simmons have dining hall bins
        - Random has food waste bins
    - MIT does not compost but they do something else exciting O.O
    - Simmons and Random have them in lounges/kitches
    - McCormick and Baker do not have them in lounges or kitchens, only in
      dining halls
- Jordan (President)
    - â€œpay your apple billsâ€
    - met with Suzy et. al. last week
        - email to dining committee about the future of dining
            - let Jordan know if there are people suited to being on the dining
              working committee
        - MedLinks canâ€™t give out medicine
            - Suzy is really sad about the election :((
            - will talk to MIT Medical about that
            - at training \- itâ€™s liability
            - lots of mental health training
            - holding liability over student health \+ wellbeing\!\!
            - much safer to have MedLinks give stuff out
            - MedLinks give things out â€œas friendsâ€
                - but then the cost comes out of their pocket \>.\<
        - RPMs
            - Helen wants RPMs to â€œfeel like a cohortâ€ and do stuff
            - weâ€™re having a dinner tomorrow at 4:30
                - I have a lab meeting :((
            - how to make the RPM program better?
                - talked to AD \- thinks RPMs could be useful for life skills \-
                  sewing, cooking, how to remove a stain \- sewing kits are
                  cheap, RPM budget is low, low-budget but genuinely useful
                    - so true
                - giving RPMs something MedLink-like
                    - every RPM has a small sewing kit
                    - â€œI would fuck with an iron. Like for me.â€ \-temkin
                - how to scour a pan
                    - â€¦how toâ€¦ washâ€¦ your dishesâ€¦
            - real benefit of RPMs is to exist in spaces where freshmen are
                - could work with GRAs more?
                - they supplement budget sometimes
                - underfunded program
                - $50 per RPM
            - theyâ€™re doing a social for all the RPMs
                - there was one in August
                    - I think I was in California?
    - Concord Market GBM
        - tentatively planned on the **21st of November**
        - unless someone would LOVE to host, will be in a classroom
            - BC could host if they want a host
            - will be in touch
            - BC is CFY, so residents might be interested
            - kind of central on dorm row, in a good spot
        - \#1 question will be Prices. but last time they spoke, it was â€œwho
          knows?â€
            - asked about prices in a meeting \- not clear if theyâ€™ll know
            - will be useful anyway
            - top thing to talk about when they come
            - dining chairs will follow up after the forum
            - dining chairs will have more legitimacy in asking about prices
              when it happens that Every Student asks

### DSL Visiting Committee

- MIT Corporation \- every two years, they send members of the Corporation to
  **Investigate** every department at MIT O.O
    - they have a lot of power and listen to constituents (...do theyâ€¦?)
    - from student life perspective, what do they want brought up to Committee?
        - jordan, ananda, temkin on student life, pres of IFC and PanHel, a GRA,
          Enoch
    - what is going well in student life?
    - what is not going well in student life?
    - what would you change?
    - PLEASURE has gone through a lot of administrators, long list of people who
      were in charge, only one person, bumped up \# of trainings that PLEASURE
      educators do
        - twenty-six fraternities, all the sororities, sports teams, so much for
          one person
        - new advisor every semester, so much turn-over, everything is a mess,
          itâ€™s like a full-time job to run all the trainings
        - theyâ€™re literally students
        - good that thereâ€™s peer education, but there isnâ€™t enough
          administrative support to make an impact
        - the frats hate them \>.\< and the frat interfacing chair
        - really difficult and really important \- lots of burden on students,
          better than hiring people (what MIT used to do) \- didnâ€™t deliver
          content that mattered to students, not in touch, need more support
          from an administrative side
        - Orientation also changing sex education program
        - PLEASURE under VPR, usually both advisors are VPR employees \- there
          isnâ€™t like a specific role \- someone got transferred away from
          PLEASURE, moved to West Coast, still working at MIT, but reduced \# of
          positions for advisors for PLEASURE (2 \=\> 1, not enough with
          increased trainings)
        - technically 60 PLEASURE educators, actually like 25
        - get a lot of flack for not being able to meet deadlines \- sometimes
          trainings get canceled (not enough educators)
    - Slow decline of things that have been inherent to east side culture
      (murals, cats, toptionality, etc.)
        - Necessary to be reiterated
        - Between 50-90% of what youâ€™re fighting for is what already exists and
          youâ€™re just fighting for whatâ€™s already there
        - something MIT relies on heavily for PR and advertising to incoming
          students, shouldnâ€™t keep taking it away
        - CPW and REX are exhausting, especially CPW
            - so much burden on students
            - should be fun to meet incoming students, difficult to do every
              year, at a bad time in the semester
            - day off of school would do wonders for student mental health, not
              just Marathon Monday
            - REX is less bad, but CPW is really hard for students
            - there was less time during this yearâ€™s REX
        - for REX and CPW both, the general point is that student contribution
          to making the Institute what it is should be valued
            - everything is a selling point, but behind the scenes, itâ€™s a
              constant battle to let them happen
            - feeding early returns was a struggle for EC (and for Random)
        - what would make you feel more supported?
            - grace with classes could do a lot (for CPW stress)
            - meal swipes?
- in general \- as a student leader \- what would make you feel more supported?
    - twin mattresses for kids for CPW would be good \- there are always
      problems
        - Admissions is buying a lot of air mattresses (lol)
        - making sure CPW kids have food is a struggle \- not always real food,
          just boba etc.
    - credit to Alan \- VP before the VP before Ananda (â€œmy grandfatherâ€) \-
      original creator of proposal
        - major actionable thing \- RFP system should be overhauled
        - as Alan put it, RFP system is students making many interest-free loans
          to MIT to pay for things
        - Next and any dorm that has ever tried to get a card knows itâ€™s very,
          very, very difficult
        - this goes into a broader point that oftentimes, admin puts a lot of
          unnecessary red tape (or yellow? no, red) around things we want to do
            - lowering the amount of red tape would be helpful
    - meeting with SOLE
        - after poster incident \- they hired someone to chaperone the UA
          (Connor)
            - â€œthey hired me because of David Spicerâ€
        - there is someone in that office dedicated to actively support the
          actions of a student group
            - great that they took note of that, a lot of student government is
              students trying and yelling and hoping for the best, but could use
              more support
        - SOLE advisor?
            - â€œa bestieâ€
        - Someone who can advocate, when students are always expected to be the
          ones communicating
            - hiding behind student leaders \- supposed to be the middle man
        - Connor is a powerhouse \- getting the history committee a muraling
          space, and now the Stud is a muraling space
        - â€œwe need to do something _crazy_ on DormCon so they hire a babysitter
          for usâ€
        - Connor didnâ€™t approve RFP for Gucci suits
    - seconding the RFP thing
        - tax exemption is really hard, secretary didnâ€™t know how to do tax
          exemption, losing $10 a week
        - people tipped a driver and lost the money (not on the receipt)
        - so frustrating to lose money on these things
        - so many things require so many hurdles and have to do them over and
          over
        - MIT as an organization makes some things really accessible, like the
          Atlas app, so easy to do complicated things \- could be way easier
        - digital infrastructure is archaic
        - frustrating because itâ€™s so time-consuming even to submit an RFP and
          get it approved
            - lol i have so many RFPs iâ€™ve been procrastinating ğŸ˜­
        - someone else was treasurer before, has floor reimbursements,
          treasurers are stuck filing a bunch of RFPs, everyone waits till the
          end to submit them (itâ€™s me. iâ€™m the problem.)
        - get AD to do bigger purchases \- ADs get quicker access to p card
        - Buy2Pay is not intuitive, so confusing, no one uses it
            - designed for labs with a full-time administrative assistant
    - things that are most difficult about student life are red tape
        - hoops and hurdles
        - RFPs, fighting for student culture
        - offices that are hiding behind student leaders for decisions \-
          reliance on students to do things without support
        - \+1 from Camila
            - admin proposed that the UA send out an email to all undergrads abt
              October 7th
        - we donâ€™t know where the buck stops (?)
            - who has the power to change anything? if it were known? who do I
              go to, if thereâ€™s a committee that needs to be made, an individual
              administrator, knowing who possesses the power, knowing who to
              deal with
            - so much bureaucracy,
              [https://orgchart.mit.edu/](https://orgchart.mit.edu/)
        - \+1 from Leo
            - I donâ€™t want other dorms to have to escalate to House Managerâ€™s
              bossâ€™s boss to get showers fixed ğŸ˜­
            - threatened to report HRS to city
        - last point \- hesitant to characterize as red tape, makes it seem
          reasonable/justified, concerns are hoops and hurdles, obstacles, no
          safety concern
        - placing liability over student well-being is bad \- itâ€™s all
          liability, all ends up with MIT trying to shirk liability
            - passing difficulties onto students

### Bike Racks/Personal Wheels

punted

### â€œShitâ€™s Rough out here, in the world.â€ also president updates.

- dorms are an important method of community support, with the election and
  everything else
- a lot of students are not doing as well as they were last week
- strategies to build community/support the community in dorms?
    - East Campus
        - to initial question \- weird because they donâ€™t live together, not
          support avenues in same way
        - exec POV \- relegated to house team
        - update-updates:
            - had a stranger come into Stud space, apparently the CAC knew and
              needed them to take a picture (?)
                - McCormick should be aware itâ€™s a central space
                - rude when people come eat food and leave
            - figuring out who can move into the building when it reopens,
              figuring out how to make hall placement Not A Mess
            - met new housing manager, seems pretty chill
    - MacGregor
        - community support
            - bunch of people had watch parties
            - usually hold discussions over dinner (what they did during David
              Spicer stuff)
            - figure out with house team
        - normal updates
            - bunch of stuff happened, main thing is last week was Halloween
              events on Halloween, trick-or-treating, costume costume, scavenger
              hunt, all fun :)
            - lots of decorations
            - next Saturday, having their MacRager (O.O) \- â€œfeel free to pull
              upâ€
                - 10pm \- 1am at the MacGregor dining room
    - New House
        - nothing in particular, did have watch parties
        - regular updates
            - working out sharing bike cage with Next House
            - trying to schedule meeting with HoH, hasnâ€™t gotten back to Davidâ€¦
            - all otherwise fine
    - Simmons
        - business as usual for normal updates
        - election-related
            - residential scholars (lots of journalists) held an election study
              break
            - everyone was stressed (tense)
            - blue flag in a loungeâ€¦ someone put up a very large Trump flag,
              then an anonymous individuals put it in a trash bag and threw it
              away out back, people with flag emailed out, said to give it back
              or theyâ€™d report it, mailing list emailed back, said it was
              illegal in the first place, then they sent a pic back with a
              picture of them with a Trump flag
            - theyâ€™ve been putting new flags up and HRS has been taking them
              down
                - â€¦rare win for the HRS flag policy??
            - ğŸ˜­
            - associate HoH told Helenâ€¦
            - election watch party
            - AD put out snacks
    - Random
        - Lots of free food from people baking etc
        - HOH event
            - New HOH is pretty popular
        - No concrete plans as exec re: election. People are close as a
          community
        - Everyone is a bit sad
        - Weird things with the water???
            - Water main went down, basement flooded, no water in the building,
              people were upset
                - The swipes they gave people didnâ€™t work
            - Shut the water down again today to fix it for realsies
        - Talking about moderating the discord in a better way
    - McCormick
        - election-related
            - sâ€™mores on election night
            - taken a pause on celebratory things, open to community-building
              events, but nothing huge
            - trying to support people in the way they need
            - still in contact with HRS, community survey closes tomorrow
            - presidents planning to take people to see the Wicked movie,
              something people were asking for
            - DormCon rent a movie theater night
                - sounds of interest all around
    - BC
        - election-related
            - weâ€™ve had three dog study breaks, lots of dogs around the building
            - house teamâ€™s approach is dogs and cookies
            - â€œitâ€™s been a really good approachâ€
            - at least 100 people went on one of the days, people are really
              there for the dogs
            - nothing directly election-related
            - general support going out
            - not going to be a dorm-wide discussion, but looking to support
              people, will see if people want to do discussion stuff
        - general
            - party \+ formal coming up rapidly
            - Burton brass plate, Connor brass plate, going to mount them on a
              wall somewhere
            - Seamus (house manager) is really cool \- painted doors to match
              floor colors \- did it all by hand \- â€œheâ€™s the best and I love
              himâ€
    - Baker
        - general
            - piano ramp, in process the last few months
        - election
            - nothing has been said, no study breaks or anything
            - â€œBaker may be more complicated in terms of population, if you know
              what I meanâ€
            - meetings every Sunday if people want to come down and chat
        - supposed to talk about having space for McCormick residents?
            - lots of weird communication
            - they told them to ask dorms about it in the spring
            - dorms should â€œthink about how it might workâ€
            - HRS is tossing it
            - based on most recent meeting \- theyâ€™ve gotten rid of that idea,
              and Tang will have floors, especially for religious accomodation
            - expecting a majority of students to be ok with it?
            - trying to see if they can have another meeting with them?
            - no expectation of dorms to â€œfree up a floorâ€
            - thereâ€™s a rumor that BC is freeing up a floor? people have been
              asking?
                - students are making that up
                - â€œactually, C5? C for McCormick\!â€
            - confidential for residents till they release an FAQ sheet?
            - if dorm could vaguely think about having women-only spaces
            - other thing \- bathrooms \- places where it would be possible to
              have women-only bathrooms?
                - mixed-gender halls with single-gender bathrooms
                - lots of complications \- very different bathroom set-ups
                  between floors?
            - might send a form to dorm presidents
        - conversations have been respectful \- positive coexistence
    - New Vassar
        - halloween event, ice skating
        - elections
            - havenâ€™t done anything, probably wonâ€™t be
    - Maseeh
        - cupcakes for birthday celebration
        - elections \+ constitution ratification at end of semester
    - Next
        - AD pulled out a last-minute pizza and cheesy bread order
        - went from stressing in rooms to stressing on the first floor,
          Together.
        - next is running a next house rager in a bit more than 2 weeks
            - â€œMIT party culture is so badâ€
        - Halloween event, costume contest, bike lottery, talking to New House
          about bike storage, elevators went from working \=\> not working \=\>
          working (as of yesterday)
            - â€œare you sure?â€ â€œyes.â€
        - â€œold hydraulic stuffâ€
        - thanksgiving planning happening, grill half-broken, residents spamming
          every feedback form that exists

thatâ€™s dormcon. eom.
