---
sidebar_label: December 5, 2024
---

# DormCon GBM 12/05/2024

**Date:** 05 December 2024  
**Location:** McCormick Game Room  
**Attendees:**

:::note

If you find any issues with the meeting minutes, please email
[dormcon-secretary@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-secretary@mit.edu)

:::

## TL;DR

## Full minutes

### Exec Updates

- dining chairs
    - email to eligible people about Bridge meal program
        - $30 per day
        - people should fill out the form\!
        - should also contact if they think they should have gotten the email
          but didn‚Äôt
- JudComm
    - elections\!
    - EC has a budget request\!
    - EC rep is not here (also EC proxy) :/
- Housing
    - waiting for Temkin
- Treasurer
    - REX funding will be processed by end of year
    - funding request
- Underclassmen Rep
    - Stata meal swipe survey \#2
    - lots of responses that are very interesting
    - will likely set up second meeting with Mark and Heather to discuss
- Secretary
    - no updates
- i3 chair
    - getting kicked out (almost-former i3 chair)
- President
    - DSL Visiting Committee came
        - they got to talk to them
        - come to campus, talk to lots of people, will be a report (probably in
          January)
        - DSL is hosting a petting zoo on in Lobby 13
            - Ananda and Jordan just‚Ä¶ asked them?
        - moral concerns? but there will be a petting zoo.
    - dormspam.
        - more things happening on dormspam
        - current word: DSL would Really Really like it if you Told Your
          Communities To Be Nice To Each Other (‚Äúplease uwu‚Äù)
        - if your dorm approves emails \- if you are in a position to approve an
          email \- if you or whoever or your webchair didn‚Äôt approve anything
          that would cause ‚Äúerosion of trust‚Äù
            - no details on what that means üò≠
        - recommendation is that dormspam should only have current students,
          non-students can be on separate list (e.g., random-hall-dormspam vs.
          r-h-t)
        - no timeline, no current guidelines, just ‚Äútell your communities to be
          nice to each other‚Äù

### EC Bad Ideas Weekend Budget Request

‚Äã‚Äã[BAD IDEAS 2025 Budget Proposal](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ZLMyO6YME-aaRDOzuEMLqnTS3Gqk_GlYP3xA-emG5GU/edit?usp=sharing)

- people submit bad ideas
- they get $ to make their bad ideas take place
- book rooms, get resources to make things happen
- asking for $2000 (max amount) to make it happen
- people don‚Äôt have the funds to make their bad ideas take shape :/
- favorite bad idea: 2n cookies\!
- in the past: budget has been $1.8-1.9
- $1750 in fall 2023 (was the limit at the time)
- actually requesting $1996.46 from DormCon
- will be a per-person vote (can vote yes or no)
- New Vassar \- yes, MacGregor \- yes, Simmons \- yes, Maseeh \- not present,
  McCormick \- yes, Random \- yes, EC \- yes, New House \- yes, Baker \- yes, BC
  \- yes, Next \- yes

### Elections\!\!\!

- congrats and thank you to outgoing officers üôÇ
- ‚Äúhello everyone. new and old. welcome to our fall dormcon election.‚Äù
- holding elections for
    - underclassmen rep
    - cpw/rex
    - i3
- how it works
    - will announce position to be elected, give brief description, \# of people
      who can be elected
    - can be nominated by anyone in the room, ‚Äúconsent is good‚Äù, must accept
      nomination
    - will have a nomination period, each candidate will have 60 seconds to
      present themselves, why they want to be on dormcon, their platform
    - questions from previous position holders, dorm presidents, exec, general
      body. will be time-limited
    - you can ask follow-ups, but don‚Äôt ask a question that was answered in the
      form
      ([responses were sent out)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1I7fY8ETYxeZTc1BGpQdyOO5FA-CAXQYLs-z3NJe2BZM/edit?usp=sharing)
    - will send candidates out of room, open to deliberations
    - vote, then will follow up with run-off, if more than two
    - presidents have votes equivalent to the max capacity of their dorm ( :( )
      \- give votes in percentages
    - if you are a dorm resident, you can vote independently of dorm president,
      but you get one singular resident‚Äôs vote
    - presidents can also put up motion to white-ballot candidates.
    - they‚Äôll remind us about the rules as we go.
- underclassmen rep
    - Anthony and Jamie
    - additional nominations? nope. sold. nominations closed
    - each get a minute to present themselves \- both filled out form
    - Jamie (they/any pronouns)
        - most in the form
        - one of the student groups with the most impact on the entire student
          body
        - based on experiences in past semester, would like to contribute to
          student body
        - wants to focus on inclusivity and accessibility, whatever they can
          help with
    - Anthony (he/him)
        - raise your hand if you‚Äôre satisfied with dining and live in a dining
          dorm
            - a couple people are
        - was ranting about dining to Ananda ‚Äúyou can make a difference if
          you‚Äôre in DormCon\!‚Äù
            - ‚Äúhave to act this year and I will act.‚Äù
            - ‚ÄúI am a very loud person.‚Äù ‚ÄúI will bug them \[admin\] nonstop
              until they do \[listen\]‚Äù
        - Eugenie \- what will dining views
            - strongly in favor of meal swipes at Stata (what Eugenie has been
              working on)
            - used all dining dollars on Stata sushi in two weeks
            - other ideas, one step at a time, big change has to happen, dining
              tabs are expensive and food is bad
        - Jordan for Jamie \- projects they might be interested in?
            - likes Stata food swipes, would be interested in working on that
            - also interested in CPW/REX?
            - specific interests for inclusivity? LGBTQ+ chair in MacGregor,
              holding events for queer community, also interested in inclusivity
              generally, student organizations tend to hold events on campus,
              disconnected and far from dorms
            - could you foresee yourself working with those groups?
                - yes \- they have more resources, etc.
                - study break with SaveTFP?
                    - they have a vision to have a field break‚Ä¶
                    - if interested in planning events, that would be good
                - ‚Äúyou WILL be in charge of planning apple picking\!‚Äù
            - specific ideas on how to effect dining hall change?
                - ‚Äúfood is disgusting and price is outrageous‚Äù
                - one step at a time \- backing up Eugenie (meal swipes at Stata
                  would be great first step)
                - work with admin as they transition meal providers to usher in
                  some better food
                - ‚Äúrecommend you try some food at Harvard and then come back‚Äù
    - Jamie elected
- i3 chair election?
    - Felicity will do it if no nominees
    - switching to CPW/REX chair election first (will come back)
- CPW/REX chair
    - Gabriel and Maria filled out the form
    - Maria is not here?
    - Anthony nominated
    - Gabriel
        - ‚ÄúI don‚Äôt know if I have a full minute of content for y‚Äôall‚Äù
        - CPW/REX chair, RAC, and president in MacGregor\!
        - very involved, looking to continue leadership on a broader scale for
          CPW/REX\!
    - Anthony
        - ‚ÄúI‚Äôm, like, super passionate about food‚Äù
            - \*audience applause\*
            - ‚Äúthat‚Äôs my cpw/rex chair\!\!‚Äù
    - Temkin: how much do you care about graphic design?
        - this is an important question from HRS
        - Anthony: dude, I really like food though
        - if they had two color palettes and you had to choose, would you have
          an opinion?
            - ‚ÄúI like the color of meat.‚Äù
            - Gabriel would also have an opinion\!
        - Gabriel \- might be an OL, but depends \- Jordan would recommend not
        - will they be on campus? yes
        - gets an early return to campus
        - Anthony: Can I still advocate for dining? Yes, kind of
        - programming \- all REX data has to be distributed on an API \- do you
          know how to use GitHub/code?
            - yes\!
        - planning to be here on campus over the summer?
            - Anthony \- yes if he can get a UROP
            - Gabriel \- not sure
        - if you could run any event, what? can involve food, but ideally
          wouldn‚Äôt.
            - Anthony: unlimited Indian curry buffet
            - Gabriel: I don‚Äôt know how to follow that. seconded.
        - current quality of food during CPW/REX
            - EC had really good hamburgers
            - ‚Äúthis gives me an opportunity to complain about dining to admin‚Äù
    - Gabriel and Anthony elected :) [ajzd@mit.edu](mailto:ajzd@mit.edu)
- i3 chair
    - interactive introduction to the institute
        - I did not know that O.O
    - one per dorm \- ways for dorms to showcase culture to first-years,
      prospective students, and anyone else
        - i3 chair not in charge of making videos, but interfacing with admin
          about regulations, communicating them to dorm i3 chairs, making things
          are done on time, etc.
        - no formal experience needed \- just need to be able to write emails
          and respond to them in a timely manner
    - 1-2 hours per week at maximum (most weeks not that)
    - mostly bugging people
    - might be expanded somewhat? HRS wants to bring back booklets (?) \- i3
      branding \- a ‚Äúbranding experience‚Äù \- redesigning the guide to residence
      website every year, adding a splash to the videos
        - ideas on color palettes. on graphic things. not, like, building it
          yourself.
    - they used to be mailed on a CD?? website will look like the old posters
    - great way to be involved in DormCon
- nomination accepted from Ivan
    - 2027 in EC
    - i3 is a common, unique thing that MIT has \- different from other campuses
    - easy format to see each dorm‚Äôs characteristics
    - likes video design, could apply that skill
- Jackson also accepts
    - freshman in Simmons
    - interested in getting more involved in DormCon \- way to get involved in
      student gov that has tangible impact to many students
    - i3 has a huge reach, both them \+ parents watched i3 videos, Simmons one
      helped decide on Simmons
    - pretty good at sending emails to adults/getting people to respond,
      possible interfacing/etc. with admin something they‚Äôd be good at\!
- queries
    - how good are you at being annoying?
        - ‚Äúespecially in high school I was like really annoying‚Äù \- Ivan
            - ‚Äúbring that back‚Äù \- Ananda
        - ‚Äúin general I try not to be annoying but‚Äù can nag people on emails \-
          Jackson
    - average response time on emails
        - ‚Äúan embarrassing question for an MIT student‚Äù
        - 2 plus or minus 3 hours? \- Ivan
            - that‚Äôs terrifying
        - if important \- within an hour \- if less important, a few hours \-
          Jackson
            - that‚Äôs also respectfully terrifying?
    - willing to argue with admin about things that admin thinks are problematic
      but students think are normal?
        - for the dorm to judge, could argue on that \- Ivan
        - in general \- type of person who likes rules to make sense, so would
          push back \- Jackson
    - how do you feel about the other direction (telling students they can‚Äôt do
      something)
        - like telling a kid Santa Claus isn‚Äôt real \- Ivan
        - will be cases where HRS says something and I can‚Äôt do anything \- i3
          videos seen by a wide audience including parents, would be willing to
          communicate that to dorms \- Jackson
- Jackson elected

### president updates

- simmons
    - Simmons is cool\!
    - holding special elections \- not all positions filled
- New
    - holding a social, but pushing to next semester (reservation didn‚Äôt go
      through :( )
    - elections early next semester\!
- \[psa from jordan to tell dormcon about new president\!\!\]
    - we will miss you\! but we‚Äôll stop bothering you if that‚Äôs what you want
- MacGregor
    - elections yesterday, new president now\!
    - after MacRager, peaked
    - final goodbye from Tyler lol
- EC
    - elections for exec, treasurer, and secretary
    - that‚Äôs why other person couldn‚Äôt come
    - not much else
- Next
    - lots of updates
    - elections are ongoing \- will probably be 2-3 unfilled positions to rerun
      positions \- Leo will have a successor\!\!
    - gym equipment hasn‚Äôt been inspected in ages and is kind of a problem \- a
      cable snapped when a resident was using it, thankfully no one hurt
    - AD is trying to push RealTalk@MIT
        - I‚Äôm convinced that zero people go to this
    - replacing upright piano (it costs more to repair than replace)
        - Baker will use it for piano drop üò≠
        - McCormick may also have spare pianos while getting renovated‚Ä¶
            - But those are good pianos
    - dining promised acai bowls
        - But then the supply chain struck
    - "The right elevator is a little sus"
        - But hopefully nexties will hopefully not get trapped in the elevator
          again?
    - Struggling to get in contact with our house manager these days‚Ä¶
        - ‚Äúwaiting for godot but waiting for bosco‚Äù
        - The one thing he did do was send an email about ‚Äúvisual pollution‚Äù
            - But that is about heavy-duty tape ripping up the paint on the
              walls
    - doing a test run of free detergent in the laundry room
    - multi-house event at the start of the semester? perchance ?
- BC
    - exact same as Next updates
    - also have a fucked piano (‚Äúmaybe a baby grand? i don‚Äôt know‚Äù)
    - all positions will be filled \- 20 positions running \- postering going on
      \- inside-out based campaign (?)
    - ‚Äústupid RealTalk whatever thing‚Äù
        - fewer people showed up than AD probably wanted
- McCormick
    - wicked event \- took people out to see wicked movie
    - having a karaoke and jam session event this saturday \- music chairs throw
      it once a semester
    - met w HRS to discuss renovations \- they‚Äôll be\! releasing more info about
      how women can get confirmed women-only housing, so people can have that
      info going into the spring
        - HRS used to phrase as holding space \- something about reaching out to
          DormCon and other presidents
        - something for future exec to deal with
        - another three presidents
- New Vassar
    - also currently running elections
    - likely have to fill in some positions
- Random
    - running elections tomorrow
        - all three elections have one set of candidates
        - only doing triumvirate for now
    - successful Friendsgiving \- new HoH are lovely, opened apartment to 60
      people
    - laundry room is sad :(
        - :(
    - meeting w HRS on Monday to talk about cat policy‚Ä¶ will hopefully have a
      new cat floor, current policy is non-existent/non-functional
        - we are putting it as ‚Äúminimally updating the new policy‚Äù
        - will keep DormCon in the loop
- Baker
    - AD also doing RealTalk
        - no one has signed up (except Camila?)
    - renovating gym over IAP
    - also doing elections \- platforms released on Sunday, elections running
      next week
    - Camila likely stepping down, Baker president may become a 1 person
      position, tell them good job on becoming dictator?

yay\!
