---
sidebar_label: November 9, 2023
---

# DormCon General Body Meeting

Date: November 9, 2023  
Location: McCormick Game Room

:::note

If you find any issues with the meeting minutes, please email
[dormcon-secretary@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-secretary@mit.edu)

:::

Amendment text:
[Exec Membership Clarification and Temp. Dorm Closures](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_GmLvvAt9JX5q9KC3UpbBU1rAhRXNCNn1rUJhVYGq38/edit?fbclid=IwAR13ny6jHsBrK5-8ymJ0lRM0DphN3JmAIin9s723yIsZraAfz396KRtVpDY)  
[Abridged Constitution text](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lkZWVybKM-4gyirNW5uiG_ZVB9YOMpYah4szdM3Q-C8/edit?fbclid=IwAR0bEgEi2SnkgJ9nJ4C_EpOZ2nwrH7r8WBfOHGaiGy9tBoGIV24_8lNUMRc#heading=h.44cymq7b2o69)

## TL;DR (will be created after the meeting)

- exec updates
- piazza is back
- elections are coming up (cpw/rex, underclassmen rep, i3, housing) so spread
  the word\!
- b1 meltdown funding request → approved
- vote on changes to the dormcon constitution regarding exec membership and
  temporary dorm closures → passed
- updates from dorm presidents

## Agenda

- Follow up on housing price structure
- Constitution vote
- Elections announcement
- Piazza

## Full minutes

updates from exec doc:
[DormCon GBM Updates 11/9/23](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1O8ePIsv1sRExGVWFJ5UD9txW-BErg0n2uENlp0Blf9w/edit?usp=sharing)

### Updates

- #### secretary (sunmee)
    - no updates

- #### housing (jordan/cameron)
    - talked to rich/david about cancellation numbers which was sad
    - spring building switch lottery happened
        - should have sent that out to dorm prezs
        - look at house sheet
        - should be roughly equal in and out but if that’s not the case let
          cameron know
    - revamping how undergrads get placed into grad housing
        - they were very confused
        - like what if you put it into the undergrad ranking system
            - required 10 min of explanation
            - continuing conversation
        - if you have opinions on this please let us know
            - we want to make this process better
            - undergrads are very ahead of scheduled relative to grad students
              placement
            - we should have flexibility in how this gets implemented
    - followup from last week’s gbm
        - thanks for everyone who was there
        - we will send a list of comments from google form to david to continue
          conversation and get student feedback
        - if you or anyone you know has feedback pls get that to us asap
    - will figure out where the laundry revenues should be

- #### tech (nate)
    - for those who were around too long dormcon had a piazza
        - was used for covid questions, currently dead
        - we think it would be nice avenue for questions
        - planning on reviving
        - still on the website on the piazza tab
        - set to private by default but if it might be relevant to others we
          will make it public
            - protect privacy, prevent spam
        - feel free to pub to residents
    - if you or your web chair has questions about making websites lmk and we
      can website you up
    - ananda: can we put faqs or something
        - all dormcon exec are instructors
        - you can def make your own questions

- #### underclassmen rep (hanu/geoffrey)
    - murals still going good
    - open invite to dorm prezs: if you are interested in having a real fake
      walls system hit us up
      ([dormcon-uc-rep@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-uc-rep@mit.edu))
    - hanu working on poster for dormcon in the infinite
        - idk what size it is (sunmee will figure this out)

- #### judcomm (mateo/sara)
    - wrote amendments, voting on them later
        - at the top of the minutes
        - will come back to this later

- #### treasurer (melissa)
    - all transactions from apple picking/rex should have been settled
        - pls check\! was wrong at first
    - we are voting for an event later

- #### cpw/rex (temkin/daniel)
    - we got all the early return kerbs and sent feedback form
        - for the 2 meals requirement thing
        - feedback will be looked at by tasha
        - hopefully will be going into what happens next year
        - used kerbs that dorms gave us but if we missed anyone let us know and
          would like
        - jordan: the people who were off campus??
    - it’s almost joever for us
        - scheduling meetings with admissions and dsl contacts to plan for the
          future
        - you should tell your cpw/rex chairs to run so they can organize the
          entire event

- #### dining (ananda/tyra)
    - ananda: it’s nice to be back (\<3)
    - meeting this week with lots of other representatives of student groups on
      food insecurity
        - important for us to be on the same page
        - lot of people care about this issue but just throwing money at it will
          not fix
        - trying to concentrate resources to do things that are useful
    - dining form is up
        - encourage people to do that
    - trying to revamp how late night works
        - hear a lot of complaints about it
        - will reach out to dining chairs of simmons/maseeh to get input from
          residents on what they want from late night
        - if you have any feedback at all
            - for ex. food runs out at midnight or no protein
            - get pictures\! a lot easier to communicate
    - how do we get people to know about things that are going on
        - talking with office of the first year
        - food trucks every wednesday but no communication
        - dining form
            - a lot of issues with labeling
                - someone found a bug in simmons food this week
            - keep the feedback coming\!

- #### advisors (lusi/amanda)
    - building switch happened
    - 21 people moved
    - cameron: bc had 4 people move out but 1 move in and people know friends
      that wanted to move into bc
        - might have been because of supplemental needs

- #### p/vp (mitali/rebecca)
    - met with helen wang, peter cummings, and david friedrich
        - helen wang \= new judy, senior associate dean for residential life
        - peter cummings \= director of administration
        - david friedrich \= head of hrs
        - talked about dining issues at a higher level
            - fsat (food security action team)
            - csl (committee on student life)
            - currently working with contractor to evaluate dining system \+
              help with surveying and focus groups
            - if you have ideas for focus groups let us know
                - dorm residents (dining \+ non-dining)
                    - assumption is meal plan
                - fsilgs
                - grad students
                - people with dietary restrictions
                - first years?
        - housing rate discussions
            - how does this work if it goes forward
            - on sfs they have to go through cuafa (committee on undergrad
              admission and finaid) \- mitali is on it
            - and dsl leadership on the hrs side
            - they are very much in the phase of considering whether they should
              pursue this and looking at how they would phase this in
              (transition over a number of years rather than immediate
              implementation)
            - going to collaborate with hrs to make one page on faqs
                - so that when we have discussions people can come in with as
                  much information as they can
                - financials, timeline, explanation of the process
    - mit students instagram got shut down
        - general sentiment is that people are unhappy with reasons
        - will send another email to administrators to talk about how students
          are feeling with all communications and policies
        - we will touch back on this at the end

### Agenda

- #### piazza
    - is happening

- #### elections
    - next gbm is last gbm of the semester
    - we will be holding elections
        - 2 cpw/rex chairs
        - 1 underclassmen rep
        - 1 i3/rac chair
        - cameron is graduating (\!\!) → 1 housing chair
    - will be sending out dorms@ about this. if you could pub to your residents
      (esp younger students)
        - underclassmen rep has to be a freshman\!\!
    - if any of you want to continue being involved in dormcon you could run for
      positions
    - we are hoping to have rebecca/mitali give pub speech at your internal
      house meetings because we figured that some of the people there would be
      interested
        - will reach out to you about this
        - if you have any thoughts on that let us know

- #### event funding vote
    - rundown of event
        - throwing fall campus wide b1 meltdown in the tv lounge
        - asking for half of our budget for funding ($1275)
        - budget for a lot of pub stuff, dj, food, drinks
        - budget was listed as $2450 \-\> can only fund up to $1275?
            - perhaps some discrepancy in this
            - it is fine
        - we will vote on $1275
    - any questions
        - where is the budget
            - [Campus Wide F23 Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ImxWFhiT7UE_NdMD-iMiMdFHpDcT75X7fwPlMvXSsUw/edit?fbclid=IwAR3Iq4phy86DJVoBo9BX95Vfm17VC0Qytvd7jt1C0HiYsE9uBs4LNFqIe7c#gid=621333740)
        - how are our \[dormcon’s\] financials going?
            - we have enough to fund this and other events
        - what is the capacity of the tv lounge
            - 75 with all the furniture
            - maybe 100 without furniture
            - if this is getting dormcon funding then maybe try to get capacity
              sorted out because maybe had struggles in the past with people not
              fitting in the tv lounge
                - trying to get a good flow of people
    - vote passed\!
    - everyone should come (17th)

- #### constitution vote
    - 3 things to vote on (changes to constitution)
    - amendments:
      [Dorm Closure Amendments](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_GmLvvAt9JX5q9KC3UpbBU1rAhRXNCNn1rUJhVYGq38/edit?fbclid=IwAR13ny6jHsBrK5-8ymJ0lRM0DphN3JmAIin9s723yIsZraAfz396KRtVpDY)
    - abridged constitution text:
      [Abridged DormCon Constitution](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lkZWVybKM-4gyirNW5uiG_ZVB9YOMpYah4szdM3Q-C8/edit?fbclid=IwAR0bEgEi2SnkgJ9nJ4C_EpOZ2nwrH7r8WBfOHGaiGy9tBoGIV24_8lNUMRc#heading=h.44cymq7b2o69)
    - \[talk through 1st amendment\]
        - q: why does the finish your term thing need to be there?
            - currently if you are not a resident in a dorm you are not allowed
              to run
            - this is in separate section
        - q: finishing your term if you moved out (second amendment)
        - we will do population vote
            - say 100% yes, 100% no, 50%/50%, etc.
            - q: can I have part of my population abstain?
                - yes but for an amendment that is effectively a no
            - if you are resident of a dorm and want to vote differently from
              your president let us know after we call all the dorms
            - also if you lived in ec and moved to macgregor you need to choose
              which dorm (cannot double count)
        - \[insert population vote\]
        - amendment passes\!
    - 2nd amendment: who can and cannot be exec members
        - \[talk through amendment, see doc above\]
        - \[insert population vote\]
        - amendment passes\!
    - 3rd amendment: created abridged version of constitution
        - not replacing constitution
        - having one that is more readable
            - amendments placed where they make sense
        - approving the abridged version and giving judcomm the ability to add
          changes
        - \[insert population vote\]
        - passes\!

### President updates

- #### simmons (ananda)
    - simmons going well
    - re: harry potter thing
        - house team stance has been we’re not going to talk about it
        - going to send out google form on whether people want to remove the
          things
    - hoping to organize simmons birthday
    - organizing staff appreciation day
        - if any other presidents want to coordinate lmk\!

- #### baker (katie)
    - no updates

- #### new vassar (mateo)
    - started up poster policy working group
        - going to copy ec’s and tack on a couple things
            - [East Campus Postering Policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19W9ehgxaPdUeFneB8VQK8lSaKghlQDgR1A0CjQ4wHSI/edit?usp=sharing)
        - also discussing chalking/murals
            - trying to get conversations started
    - exchange with dining chairs
        - what are students entitled to once they tap into the dining hall?
        - a couple instances where staff refused to give more food to students
            - refused to give more ham in sandwich line
            - ananda: seems a bit unreasonable, going to reach out to
              mark/heather. this seems like staff/manager issue.
    - jordan: has anyone had head of house be like what’s our postering policy
        - yes
        - apparently asked all dorm heads of house
        - in context of campus-wide policy changes
    - rebecca: who is developing this?
        - mateo: 4 students

- #### random (sara)
    - fun little weird tension rn
        - no actual common space that’s not connected to floor
        - but one floor has four people that live there and there’s a big common
          space and that’s what we use for house meetings
        - residents of that floor want to spend time in that space
        - sometimes people don’t clean up in a timely manner → some heated
          emails but being sorted out
        - fun fact is next gbm will be in that space

- #### macgregor (tyler)
    - not much happening, everyone is hosed
    - they’re not going to install a kitchen anymore so that’s good
        - they were going to put a big country kitchen
        - did not want because entry kitchen structure was pretty solid

- #### next (sruthi)
    - had semester events
    - starting chats for residents to meet exec
    - looking at some internal projects
        - room in basement to renovate
        - brainstorming ideas
        - will be working on more internal projects
    - held pumpkin painting event and random man jumped the fence into the
      courtyard took the food and left

- #### mccormick (zitong)
    - had taylor swift thing
    - house gov election soon, going to transition

- #### maseeh (mark)
    - going to have elections soon too
        - am definitely going to get out of the job
    - had maseeh formal on saturday
        - resounding success except for the issues we had
        - will tell you about the issues next gbm (ruined mit museum?)

- #### ec (jordan)
    - had elections: bad ideas chairs, esf chairs
        - east side commons (ec \+ random \+ xi \+ pika) to preserve east-side
          culture
        - one esf chair is partially random affiliated
    - probably will elect more than one social chair so that we can actually run
      events
        - hard to run events when there’s no building

- #### bc (cameron)
    - we have a wall in bc and we have some artists, our house manager and ad
      don’t like that so much
    - house team invited people to come to house team meeting on mural policy
        - mostly went well
        - misconception that we are paying to have panels in bc because there is
          asbestos but maybe not true, will confirm
        - 30k in funding each from hrs and provost’s office, we are fundraising
          additional 30k to get panels installed in 60% of bc
        - someone is muraling in maintenance hallway so this is eh
        - rushing to get panels installed rn
            - david thinks that people won’t paint in hallway if there are
              panels everywhere
            - perhaps not true but that’s ok
        - installed very soon. thanksgiving/iap
        - jordan: they are installing panels in our stud space next week
            - geoffrey: next house has 17 panels installed
        - cameron: seems like they are moving forward and hrs is excited to get
          these installed in dorms
        - murals keep getting painted on a weekly basis in that back hallway
            - there were 3 murals then they painted over all of it
            - then someone did a spray paint thing
    - talked to ad to get ec people that hanu suggested to come to meeting to
      alleviate gra concerns
        - house team concerned with students affected by israel/gaza stuff
        - they see toptionality as a thing that can create division, so
          politically might not be something that can happen rn because they are
          focused on student support
        - trying to get people in contact
        - also hosting student forum on toptionality
            - not sure if it will be open to all students
            - helpful to have bc students give input on getting this happen
              within bc
            - rebecca: maybe getting other dorm presidents to come if interested
              but not a dormspam

we are ending official meeting here. the next 15 min ish we wanted to talk about
how students are feeling about the whole israel/gaza situation. lots of
animosity toward admin regarding this. if anyone has thoughts pls share\!
