---
sidebar_label: September 14, 2023
---

# DormCon GBM Minutes

Date: 9/14/23  
Location: Burton-Conner TV Lounge

:::note

If you find any issues with the meeting minutes, please email
[dormcon-secretary@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-secretary@mit.edu)

:::

## TL;DR (will be created after the meeting)

### Agenda

- Intros
- Budget updates
- Next Haunt funding voting
- Apple Picking
- UGs in Grad Housing Rep
- Updates from DSL Meeting
    - Safety Video Advisory \- Need to recommend people
    - External Relations Chairs
        - Mural Fundraising
        - Getting alumni more involved with help from admin
    - Student Org WG \- Need finances people
- Reflection on REX meals

## Full minutes

mitali: quick round of intros. exec and presidents. name, pronouns, dorm,
position. I’m mitali. they/them. dormcon prez.

\[GUYS I’M SO SORRY THE INTROS WERE FAST AND I AM STILL RUSTY PLS FORGIVE ME IF
THERE IS A MISTAKE/SOMETHING MISSED AND IF YOU LMK I CAN FIX STUFF\]

rebecca: rebecca, she/her. dormcon vp

temkin: he/they. rex/cpw chairs

daniel: he/him. other rex/cpw chair

sunmee: she/her. secretary \[ty rebecca\]

nate: he/they. dormcon tech chair

hanu: they/he. dormcon underclass rep

melissa: she/her. treasurer

geoffrey: he/him. underclassmen rep

mateo: he/him. judcomm and nv prez

sara: she/they. other judcomm. random prez

katie: she/her. baker president

zitong: she/her. mccormick prez

ananda: she/her. simmons prez, dining chair.

cameron: he/him. bc prez. housing chair

sruthi: she/her. next prez

amanda: she/her. simmons ad. co-advisor

lusi: she/her. hrs asst dir. other co-advisor

brandon: macgregor vp. he/him

camacho: he/him. new house prez.

gwyneth: 27\. macgregor webmaster \[sry idk how to spell your name sob\]

santi: they/them. 24\. not ec prez, jordan is prez. I am proxy ec secretary

mitali: in classic dormcon fashion we do exec updates. pls keep brief.

### UPDATES

- CPW/REX:
    - lot of updates this year. a bit long this time. rex happened yay
    - funding changes
        - instead of giving 1000 to dorms we asked dorms to apply for funding
          with budget. dorms got diff amounts of funding
        - due to dsl committee. early returns have to get fed. any org
          sponsoring early return had to provide meals. originally until 2nd.
          then dsl changed mind and dining halls opened on 26th. a bit of
          miscommunication.
    - mitali: we will do rex reflection meeting at some point.
    - daniel: with all rex chairs from dorms. prez can be invited.
    - water wars reflection meeting
        - some changes going forward.
        - will be talking about going forward.
        - long story short we want to hone in on what’s good about water wars
          and hone down on some of the safety issues and make sure no one is
          getting hurt during the war part
    - blackout times
        - originally rex was 26-29. told blackout times. then they moved rex
          without telling us. then they told us new blackout times and events
          had to be cancelled. those days were stressful for everyone involved.
          working with ofy and dsl to ensure that doesn’t happen again. can get
          into that later more
        - if you want to know more come into our dms (joke) we mean email.
          [dormcon-rex-chairs@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-rex-chairs@mit.edu) we
          also own [rex@mit.edu](mailto:rex@mit.edu) now
- Secretary:
    - follow us on instagram ;)
- Tech:
    - updating meeting schedule on website
    - dorm prez if you see anything incorrect on website lmk (dormcon.mit.edu
      \-\> presidents page)
- Dining:
    - dining survey
        - already exists. finding best way to get information. qualtrics seemed
          tricky. google form?
        - posters/flyers with qr code that brings you to survey
        - when you send responses we will see them and can bring them up within
          a week. pls let us know if you hear dining issues. we then tell to
          dining admin in dsl.
    - power outage at new vassar yesterday
        - dining was closed. not much else. but was unfortunate
    - confusion about dining times
        - weren’t accurate. but talked to mark \+ heather from dsl.
        - if you go to dining and see problem with hours just let us know
    - generally
        - food security
            - esp with la verdes closed
        - the stud
            - the retail locations are open. apparently haven’t gone back to
              pre-renovation numbers so pls go.
            - new place. not accepting credit cards yet but being very nice
              about this. really tight margin.
            - if you have bandwidth to help restaurants in the stud pls do.
        - food waste
            - mark and heather dealing with that. bon appetit has their own
              stuff. maseeh will be first big training ground for this
- Underclassmen Rep:
    - real fake walls
        - has officially launched in next house. announced at house meeting
        - will see what works
        - hopefully if things move quickly enough. we will be opening to
          extension before end of semester? maybe? but depends on housing.
- Treasurer:
    - dormcon financials
        - [Dormcon Financials](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10SS4djAIzvZD8oK2aj814FZBgUQQDZT86lSc4hfcTYU/edit?fbclid=IwAR1i95MWHOiAodbecPuptTk8EFFo4H9GVav6c6tIYNpdVVLnqsHCxt8E7NA)
          \-\> has all details
        - did not receive house tax in spring 2022, so down about 17k. slight
          issue because we cannot offer as much funding
        - mit tried to fix this by taking money out of dorm budgets but going to
          ask them to put it back
        - accounting for budget deficit somehow. looking for opinions
            - each dorm will be responsible for funding apple picking. if dorms
              have issues pls contact us and we can try to help
                - how much does it cost? we usually fund 1000 to each dorm. will
                  get that number back to you
                - do dorms have to organize? dormcon exec has point people that
                  will coordinate buses and such and contact you about costs
                - last time we funded about 6000
                - are we doing 1k per dorm again? probably but will redo budget
                  and get back
                - your funds: can come from head of house funds, house funds,
                  and charging dorm residents a bit (can ensure people commit to
                  coming)
            - max $1750 for event funding for this year. we know we did more
              previously but this is for now. we can put resources for event
              funding.
                - previously limit was 50% of total event budget
                - is the expectation that this will be the same moving forward?
                  like for apple picking
                    - depends on how financials go this year. just because of
                      deficit but we can discuss more long term stuff
                    - last year we had a lot of cushion from previous years. but
                      this year we will go into budget.
        - breakdown from fall 2022\. contains how much money we’ve historically
          spent.
        - there are resources listed for getting event funds
            - large event fund (asa or sole)
            - baker foundation
            - council for the arts
            - sole supplementary funds
        - can offer 1-2k. if you need more financial help feel free to reach
          out.
        - cameron: tip if you’re applying for large event fund don’t put alcohol
          on your list of expenses because it will get denied.
- Housing:
    - interviewing CAC/SOLE person in charge
        - if there’s anything you want us to advocate for we can try.
        - halfway through
    - working with gsc on undergrads in grad housing
        - trying to make it not suck
        - planning for next year
        - one gsc idea: grad junction (new grad dorm next to simmons. we should
          allocate some of that space in that dorm as swing space for when dorms
          are renovated.
            - mit does not want to do this. they have agreement based on kendall
              stuff that requires them to add 900 beds.
            - if they add undergrad out of those grad beds they could infringe
              upon this agreement with city council
        - process for undergrads ending up in grad housing was a bit chaotic
            - getting offers and having to act within a few days
            - understanding mit constraints. having undergrad housing maxed out
              for the next few years
            - grad students don’t love it undergrads don’t love it either
            - figuring it out
    - first meeting with rich next week
        - let us know if there are things we should advocate for
        - priorities for the year when talking with hrs
        - mitali: broadly for all positions. if there is something dormcon
          should work on pls let us know, dorm level or individual level.
- Advisor:
    - keep on keepin on
- P/VP:
    - prez training on dealing with incidents
        - have it on coming tuesday at 6-7:30. tentatively block off on calendar
          pls. working with nina from spxce.
        - pls let us know if you have opinions so we can relay that
    - apple picking
        - keep an eye out.
        - will send you budget and what we need from you
        - trying to have centrally coordinated
    - meeting with suzy
        - recommending people
            - safety advisory group
                - pre-pandemic concern for hacking and students getting access
                  to roofs
                - recommend students who can provide feedback on safety
                  materials they could provide
                - no strings attached, will not expose you if you are involved
                  in hacking
                - if you’re interested or know someone let us know
            - student organization working group
                - looking for people involved in financial side of student orgs
                - process of handling finances and getting stuff funded
                - need one more rep (geoffrey volunteers)
            - external relations chair
                - next is kicking off real fake walls
                - bc hopefully has better mural panels and ec will get them when
                  reopening
                - quite expensive panels. dsl has idea to do fundraising with
                  alumni. specific funding to help with murals in dorms.
                - dsl can hold sessions with admin that can help form alumni
                  relationships
                - do you have alumni relations chair in your dorm and do you
                  think your dorm would benefit
                    - follow up with next
                    - bc: alumni relations chair. giving link. have not done
                      anything with it. would be interested in doing something
                      with it.
                    - new vassar has like 2 alumni. just graduated last year.
                    - 48 hour challenge to fundraise for dorms.
                    - giving.mit.edu
                - consider adding external relations chair and if you want dsl
                  help let us know. seems like good opportunity and seems like
                  dsl is trying to be active about this
                - is this just for mural funding or all types?
                    - their project was for murals but broadly interested in
                      getting alums more involved
                    - this seems cool vibe.
    - we have 150 undergrads in grad housing
        - bigger than random. a lot of undergrads (sry random)
        - representation for undergrads who live in grad housing at dormcon. so
          they have voices heard
        - judcomm had a meeting
            - looked at constitution
            - current situation. technically dormcon has no obligation to
              support these undergrads because not an emergency.
            - proposing AMENDMENT for event of temporary dorm closure that
              results in significant displacement of students. generalizing for
              future dorm closures. four options
                - represent all who were displaced
                - not represent them, leave constitution as is.
                - represent those who were displaced but those in mit housing,
                  including fsilg
                - represent those who were displaced but those in mit housing,
                  excluding fsilg. (ec ilg of note)
                - cameron: for when bc closed we kept bc votes at original
                  capacity. people who moved to grad housing from not closed
                  dorm. people who moved off campus but are still part of
                  community of the dorm.
                - sara: when bc closed we didn’t have undergrads in grad housing
                  number. ec votes would be double counted. if we do
                  representation discussion of what we do with this
                - daniel: imperfect balance. impossible to correctly count
                  everything at the same time. never going to have exact numbers
                  but always going to be people who live in grad housing not
                  being represented at dormcon, with living situation they are
                  forced into because maybe semester off, other situation. worth
                  it to talk about now with ec. maybe in 2 years it will be
                  mccormick, next house, another dorm in 5 years. we are going
                  to have this conversation for next 10-15 years anyway
                - sara: purpose is that having discussion now will make it
                  easily generalizable
                - cameron: when bc was closed, those votes were distributed
                  across other dorms. now you can get another voting rep of
                  dormcon that is primarily focused on closed dorm
                - mateo: suppose we did create undergrad in grad housing rep. do
                  they have voting power? if they do, they should not represent
                  interests of another group (ex. not someone that is very
                  involved in ec and lives in grad housing, could double count)
                - tyra: outside of elections in what cases do we vote?
                    - mateo: some that were population votes, some that were
                      person votes.
                    - jordan: person votes for budgets and stuff
                - santi: ec is having microcosm of this discussion with ec ilg.
                  another body separate from typical ec community. another group
                  that also has separate interests. we can have some body of
                  representation for other group where they can have voice but
                  limit some of voting power so they don’t have double counting
                  or overpowering. we’re planning on implementing. we can see
                  how it goes for us and give feedback.
                - hanu: I live in ec ilg. around 60% of residents are from
                  single hall in ec. issue of double voting that hall in ec
                  house comm. analogous to representing renovated dorm
                - ananda: ua has similar situation. ifc and panhel have votes by
                  population. given that half of male population at mit is ifc
                  that’s significant overcounting. how would we pick grad
                  housing rep? easy for dorms because we have elections and gov.
                  same thing with ua off campus rep.
                    - daniel: there is undergrad part of house gov at tang. not
                      sure if they want to be part of dormcon but we could bring
                      up to them. don’t want to force to people. but if
                      opportunity is brought up and they want to be part of.
                - mitali: any grad housing people here? they were invited
                  through dorms@
                - daniel: someone over the summer said they had been exiled from
                  undergrad dorms. led me to bring up grad dorm conversation
                - sruthi: if we think it’s too much work to get exact counts.
                  maybe we agree that we give them undergrads in housing minus
                  number in renovated dorm
                    - but this is negative
                    - mateo: if they become voting block. ec representative is
                      number of votes before closing minus number of people in
                      grad housing is one way. any kind of system without super
                      accurate up to date lists will be inaccurate
                - cameron: apologize in advance if this is shitty. not sure we
                  have obligation to represent undergrads in grad housing. they
                  should work with grad student channels and gsc. does suck that
                  people feel exiled from undergrad housing but not sure that
                  dormcon rep will help ameliorate that feeling. you still do
                  have representation if you live off campus from renovation,
                  your president still has voting power.
                - daniel: none of the grad halls have dining. none of them have
                  dining chairs but grad students can be on dining plans?
                - mitali: gsc has people working on food insecurity. we are
                  addressing when undergrads get kicked into grad housing who is
                  representing them.
                - temkin: does gsc have undergrad representation? no.
                - daniel: unique needs of undergrads in grad housing
                - santi: practicality. undergrad rep within gsc? we don’t have
                  answers and we are most involved. if you are pushed into grad
                  housing and no immediate way of how to go through gsc or
                  graduate representation can be daunting to go through that
                  process. we don’t have obligation but there is a lot of
                  benefit from specific representation.
                - cameron: not sure that representation resolves that issue.
                - temkin: seems like lot of concerns are grad and undergrads.
                  might not be bad to have representation for both. people in
                  both sets of government tackling unique issues
                - ananda: what are these unique needs?
                    - food needs
                    - contracts
                    - need to talk to them
                - temkin: dormcon exec meeting with undergrads in grad housing.
                  just ask them directly. trying to ask issue without people
                  being represented in the meeting.
                - daniel: dormcon got dm’ed via me this summer. undergrads in
                  grad housing I think are going through dormcon.
                - geoffrey: someone should be dealing with this. should it be
                  us? we are leaving out ua in this conversation and they
                  represent all undergraduates. question is a bit unclear. for
                  ua is less unambiguous. ua doesn’t really do housing stuff a
                  lot but in a special case that might be where they come in.
                - mateo: see risk of alienating a group of people if we don’t
                  represent.
                - cameron: ua doesn’t have off campus rep. that group of people
                  might include people in grad housing. there may be issues
                  getting someone. as housing chair, in favor of getting
                  representation and making this less insane but not a fan of
                  getting voting power because double counting issues
                - temkin: people displaced from ec. some got grad housing, ec
                  ilg, off campus, undergrad housing. four different communities
                  being counted in different ways. is ec ilg getting lgc
                  representation. we have to consider the other three groups if
                  we try to help one. solution that affects all of them.
                - daniel: is temkin with simmons ec or both. everyone in ec that
                  got placed into other dorm has same issue. grad housing debate
                  causes debate with everyone.
                - mateo: historically pulled from numbers on housing website not
                  current residents. people move in and out of dorms. so what
                  number at what point? we can set a deadline. people who move
                  to other dorms would be counted part of those dorms because
                  they have become part of those communities.
                    - hanu: but don’t they have voting with old dorms? \[yes\]
                - temkin: can we pull this from starrez? most up to date.
                - tyra: what do we do for double counts
                    - mateo: constitution does not address. there was double
                      counting but houses were not as full so issue was not as
                      big.
                    - sara: double counting becomes larger issue if we include
                      grad housing. not all from ec. no way to not double count
                    - mateo: unless we in some way figure out how many people in
                      ec moved to other places from ec rep. would have to do for
                      every single dorm in the future
                    - hanu: the only people who could be “ec residents” 100%
                      would be the people in ec ilg \[or off campus\]
            - we will pull this discussion back in dormcon exec. come back to
              gbm in two weeks and recommendations from gsc.
            - mateo: to clarify, some sort of representation is ideal. voting
              power is tbd.

### AGENDA

- next haunt budget
    - [Haunt Budget 2023](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rvlfN77NnwFKcKW7Z6y12zqO5E7menaohxIzLiNuPIs/edit#gid=1999252295)
    - jonathan. next haunt asst producer. next couple of week.
    - requesting max of 1750 under new guidelines
    - composing own music. will be overall good improvement from last year which
      was already good.
    - puzzle type build of house within next house over month. big involvement
      and takes a lot which is why we are asking for funding
    - we estimate to be about 7k total
    - buffer? how much is that going to be
    - we are getting funds from various sources. asking for funding based on
      limits for this.
    - how are you getting rest of funding?
        - got through much of links you gave us. unfortunately a lot of them
          aren’t applicable
        - we are trying to request rest from next house. we will find a way
    - melissa: ok with approving max amount
    - mitali: judcomm run person vote
    - \[VOTING...GO JUDCOMM\!\] \-\> vote passes
    - CONGRATULATIONS \[applause\]

### PRESIDENT UPDATES

- EC:
    - jordan sent me a couple of things
    - ec is currently getting renovated \[shockers\]
    - ec has a frat now. ec ilg. allegedly called epsilon chi. still figuring
      out how things are going to work and management stuff.
    - our rex happened
        - everything happened on schedule
        - a couple of issues. speaker got stolen mainly. other than that mostly
          ok
        - ty to macgregor for storage
        - ty to bc and next for allowing to use kitchens
    - new community liaison. essentially gra while we don’t have a building
      anymore. apparently has large budget. possibly got budget from all 10 gras
      previously. discussing how to distribute funds
    - stud space but dk where it is. apparently locked and somewhere. dk where
      or how to access. figuring out those logistics
    - cameron: is that the basement room bc had?
        - mentions of w20 community space but no numbers
        - tyra: there is number. w20-0 something
        - cameron: below where dunkin is. pretty big, half the size of this
          room.
    - daniel: which side of murals of lcc?
        - cameron: across from post office
    - didn’t find rooms that weren’t filled to the brim with random stuff. if
      it’s not a usable space we gotta figure it out
    - cameron: hrs asked us for things we wanted (lights, projector, etc.)
        - dk if it was in budget
        - dennis was like we will buy whatever you need. so we kept asking for
          things and got them.
- SIMMONS:
    - things are going well. no updates.
- NEW HOUSE:
    - rex volunteer feeding? sub houses participate a lot less.
    - temkin: we asked for itemized budget. one thing was that every cultural
      house was allocated $50 \[can sync up on this specifically later\]
    - new house has specific way of doing things.
    - rex chairs: email us
- NEW VASSAR:
    - running elections now. sent out interest form. decided next week.
    - new residential scholar. running documentary class. have not met yet.
    - dining. associate head of house emailed asking about complaints. responded
      with complaints. asked for meeting. be aware that this might happen to
      you. head cook of new vassar, ahoh, hoh, and someone from bon appetit.
        - got some insight about how dining works at mit. what new vassar was
          intended to be and such. shared with dining chairs
        - ultimately not very productive convo.
        - has been pattern for year now. we weren’t able to get any changes. not
          sure how to communicate effectively in that meeting. not expecting
          higher level admin to be there. if anyone has any suggestions lmk.
- RANDOM:
    - RACs disliked letting frosh opt out for any reason
        - 23 frosh, everyone but 2-3 people opt out
    - 2 power outages
        - 17-18 august, 7-8 september (night)
        - last week was 2-6am. 80 degrees. very hot people didn’t sleep well.
        - the whole block was out idk what mit can do about this.
        - allegedly the second one was scheduled
        - generator?
            - emergency lights and outlets in bathrooms were on but doesnt
              include ac
        - daniel: did they let you know in advance?
            - did not get anything myself. if they communicated to other people
              did not get that
            - maybe house manager
        - cameron: we had power outage but we had advance notice from house
          manager
- BAKER:
    - some people want to chalk the walls in baker similar to murals
    - since it’s temporary been having discussions of whether this is allowed.
      very unclear. not sure who I would talk to
    - ananda: simmons has its own chalking policy
    - mateo: in house gov we have pushed for it but house team has been more
      resistant. trying to pilot for one section and trying to expand. working
      with area director but has to go through operations manager and heads of
      house.
    - hanu: since this is kinda like muraling. dorm forms of self expression
      have been big topic for underclassmen rep so let us know. hopefully making
      more generalizable policy.
- MASEEH:
    - floor 6 tried to steal printer from floor 2 a couple times
    - replaced TVs. have some old TVs if any dorm has need lmk
- MCCORMICK:
    - nothing
- BURTON-CONNER:
    - someone mentioned opt outs. we had 5 this year. matches up with previous
      years. we don’t discourage people from opting out. just very intentional
      talking positively about floor exploration. really overcommunicate about
      this process. people seem to understand that it is integral part of living
      in BC. has helped keep people in floor exploration process. happy to talk
      more
    - passed budget yesterday
    - mural panel in burton 3\.
    - some people talked to provost. melissa and suzy. push on not painting on
      walls. not enough resources for muraling in dorms. on campus is not
      adequate because makes it like art gallery. quoted at 29000 to do entire
      dorm. but hrs said they would split cost on that \[geoffrey: consistent
      with next house\]
    - having meeting next week. trying to get looped in with fundraising convos.
      still a question of whether this should be directed toward specific floor
      or group. hrs would prefer this but not equitable to all floors. floors
      would prefer not to have to spend house money on something that benefits
      just one floor.
    - hard to communicate that 9 communities have separate interests. there is
      progress. we have mural panel. really big. really heavy. actually looks
      like another wall you wouldn’t even notice it.
    - hanu: not enough resources for self expression on the wall? what does that
      mean
        - old burton conner could just paint directly but now mediated process.
          had to bother hrs for a while to get canvases on the walls.
        - limited by canvases because they are flammable. code restriction. can
          only cover 20% of wall with flammable things
        - panel installation is difficult. required special person. costs twice
          as much to get stuff in bc compared to other dorms.
    - space reservation policy
        - lots of events in bc spaces. porter room and tv lounge.
        - limit what outside groups can do with bc spaces. involved desk captain
          and input from dorm
- NEXT:
    - murals
    - wingreps
    - 30 freshmen opted out. pretty detrimental
    - interim AD. frustrated on how this was communicated. usually go through
      this person and discourage.
    - covid concerns discussion with house team. advised to wait til admin was
      giving more info to campus as a whole. any covid suggestions?
        - mateo: nv front desk got face masks
        - mitali: talking with suzy and trying to push for this
        - camacho: asking area director about rapid tests
        - will follow up
- MACGREGOR:
    - rex went reasonably well
    - a bit of issue with opt outs. 61 freshmen moved in, 22 opted out. actually
      a lot better than last year. made changes to process. could not opt out
      during actual moving process. might be useful.
    - just had officer elections yesterday. significant overhaul. me and
      president tyler started halfway last semester. new era for macgregor so
      excited. with entries a bit isolated. looking forward to more social
      events
    - having issue with budget. getting 17k less might be correlated? realized
      that we got deposited 210 residents of house tax but we have 300
      residents. 4-5k difference.
        - cameron: freshmen house tax might be still coming.
        - thinking that this also might be ec transfers
        - mitali: emailed tyler about how you can check that. if you can double
          check and let us know
        - wondering about process for how money is deposited for house taxes?
            - mitali: upperclassmen and freshmen done separately. because
              charged later. upperclassmen soon after school starts. comes out
              of tuition. calculates how many residents and comes into your
              account.
                - should be sub-line items of each individual
                - after that you will get the dormcon portion taken out.
                - for presidents: when doing budget pls account for that.
                  dormcon will take $5 per person. even if that doesn’t happen
                  immediately at beginning of semester.
                - done by actual numbers not maximum capacity

MEETING ADJOURNED
