---
sidebar_label: October 26, 2023
---

# Dormcon General Body Meeting

Date: October 26, 2023  
Location: Next House TFL  
Food: pepper sky’s

:::note

If you find any issues with the meeting minutes, please email
[dormcon-secretary@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-secretary@mit.edu)

:::

## TL;DR (will be created after the meeting)

- guests: helen wang \+ david friedrich
- housing rates structure discussion with david from hrs
    - explanation of what the change might be and some of the
      thoughts/constraints influencing the potential change
    - open discussion with thoughts and clarifying questions from students
- very quick exec \+ dorm prez updates

## Agenda

- Introduction of Helen Wang, Senior Associate Dean of Residential and Community
  Life, and David Friedrich, Dean of HRS
    - [Form for Dialogue & Belonging](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScdDgLXHreBDtPKuzB9lkCaY1JrZ33gJJuRrePA3vcMhEnohw/viewform?usp=sf_link)
- Housing Rates Structure Presentation by David Friedrich
- Discussion and Q\&A
- Exec updates
    - [DormCon GBM Updates 10/26/23](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Vl4iaVD8HBx3qWD_QGG_vdsF7ERq8bHg6Jm6C1WNA1w/edit?usp=sharing)
- Constitution Discussion
- President Updates

## Full minutes

we ready to start

### Housing Rates Structure Discussion

- #### introductions
    - mitali: if you have not noticed yet we have some guests today. introduce
      yourself?
    - helen: hello I am helen wang new senior associate dean for res life. I was
      at wellesley and then mit part time so slowly starting to get to know the
      place. excited to be here\!
    - david: hi senior associate dean for res services. excited to have
      conversations and see familiar faces. the work that I do. we’re two sides
      of the same coin. my side does space and operations and we together
      support the work we do in the houses.
    - helen: when mitali and rebecca invited us to dormcon. great spot to get
      feedback on dialogue and belonging. would really appreciate feedback
      broadly about things that make you feel like you belong at mit and
      questions about dialogue and conversation. if you have more thoughts feel
      free to send me an email. I am getting to know mit so I welcome any
      conversation\!

    **FEEDBACK LINK**:
    [https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScdDgLXHreBDtPKuzB9lkCaY1JrZ33gJJuRrePA3vcMhEnohw/viewform?usp=sf_link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScdDgLXHreBDtPKuzB9lkCaY1JrZ33gJJuRrePA3vcMhEnohw/viewform?usp=sf_link)

- first item on agenda: discussion of potential change to rates and housing
  structure

- #### opening remarks from david
    - david: glad to be here. I think it’s been a productive conversation over a
      year and a half now. we’ve noticed rates for housing are going up as we go
      through renewal projects. we wonder if there is a different way to do
      this. we’ve undertaken a process to talk to many stakeholders and engage
      in dialogue. a couple opening remarks. we genuinely want to get feedback.
      a decision has not been made at this point and we want to think through
      this carefully
    - we’re at a remarkable time in development happening in residential system.
      new grad housing. undergrad renewal projects. new house, burton conner, ec
      currently closed. looking down the road to see what we can do after that.
      we believe the residential part of the mit education matters a lot and
      what happens in these buildings is important.
    - we really need your input. we’ve been on the path of these renewal
      projects and each time we complete the rates have changed. we have three
      tiers and within the tiers we have rates for singles, doubles, triples,
      quads. dorms reopen at tier 1\.
    - this pricing structure has been in place for a long time. I’ve been here 6
      years and it predates me. I don’t think it makes sense. what are other
      options here? I think this is the perfect time to figure out whether we
      continue on the path we’re on where we move all the houses into a category
      of rates. the concerns we have heard is that what happens to the singles
      and who has access to the singles given financial needs. and how does that
      relate to an experience everyone can have access to.
    - mit is one of only half a dozen schools that is fully need blind
      admissions process. committed to making sure mit is affordable for every
      family. that commitment to finaid is remarkable. part of that commitment
      is ensuring that there is a level playing field for all students to engage
      in all that mit has to offer.
    - are there different ways to approach the housing structure that make it
      more equitable? there are a couple constraints.

1. housing side. how do we have the resources to manage and operate quality
   housing system that is sustainable over time. based on the pricing structure
   we’ve had I don’t know if we do that. I don’t know if it sets us up to be
   sustainable in the long term. the buildings we had to close and renovate had
   major systems failing. we have to keep in mind that housing is not auxiliary.
   we have to operate on the rates that students bring in from housing. what we
   bring in is not enough to cover everything that happens in the housing
   system.
2. financial aid side. we have to be mindful of how changes impact finaid.
   millions of dollars go into finaid to continue to make mit accessible for
   everyone. committee on undergrad admissions and finaid. that committee looks
   at proposals to make sure we are meeting that goal and how we compare to
   closest peers. our closest peers that have same commitment to finaid have
   housing system that is one price. everyone on campus pays that same rate.
   it’s a process of seniority point system etc. for how you can move into a
   single from a triple. at the end of your four years things even out. it’s not
   about financial need for where you can be but more of whether you’ve been a
   leader to move across rooms.

- this idea of going to one rate is a fundamental shift in the philosophy of how
  you do pricing. we think now as amenities. now we’re trying to level the
  playing field where there isn’t too much variation. there will be a bit. but
  we want to make sure student has the same access to every housing option and
  can make authentic choices of where you want to live and who you want to live
  with. and the community you join. now open to discussion.

- #### open discussion/questions
    - rebecca: pls raise your hand if you’d like to speak
    - random prez: when you talk about one price system. what is that price
      going to be? is it going to be tier 1 single right now, tier 3 double.
      thoughts on that?
        - david: because finaid calculation is for tier 1 double rate any
          adjustment has to keep that in mind. if we stay on the path we’re on
          we did projection of revenue stream to housing system over time. and
          trying to make sure we can maintain. between tier 1 double and tier 1
          single. and talking about how do we get to there from now to then.
          could hold tier 1 rate steady and have other ones eventually collapse
          up into that. we need to work through calculation more but overall.
    - resident: I thought this decision was in part because mit wanted to make
      price of dorms less of a factor in choosing where to live. that doesn’t
      necessarily work if the average living price for people on campus
      increases dramatically. because not all housing is equal.
        - david: not any campus has equal housing. we are moving to narrower
          band. the first point is good one. this is about saying that since
          price is met with finaid dollars it becomes affordable for everyone.
          then making decision based on who you want to live with.
    - resident: is mit/hrs saying that all students will receive finaid for
      housing. for some students they only receive finaid for tuition. the price
      of where they live is important. it could make it harder for some students
      especially first years who are required to live on campus.
        - david: mit is not saying any of this has to happen. trying to respond
          to questions students have had. has some of the challenges you have
          described. this isn’t about driving up the price of housing. it’s
          about keeping us on a trajectory we need to be on for housing and
          making sure finaid aligns with housing. everyone gets a different
          amount of aid based on needs. students have appreciated the
          flexibility to choose how they use that.
    - resident 2: a lot of low income students are coming from working another
      job to put food on the table. by choosing lower housing option students
      can get back money and use that to send back home. some students are
      willing to make that housing sacrifice for getting money back home. this
      is a different way to think about this.
        - david: one interesting data point we found on how students are making
          choices of housing. the same percentage of students living in single
          is regardless of finaid. that is an encouraging sign for us. there is
          a range. I hear you, that is another point of feedback. what are the
          other aspects of the finaid package we want to look at. personal
          allowance is something we could look at. that’s outside of my area but
          that’s something to think about.
    - resident 3: what’s the idea behind making room types the same price?
        - david: what it comes down to. you’re paying to receive a bed on campus
          in a building that provides much more than that. instead of spending a
          lower rate in a triple for your first year then single for third year.
          we are averaging it out so that you essentially pay the same amount.
        - resident 3: idk if this is true of all dorms. but if someone because
          of lottery process doesn’t end up in exact outcome that you describe?
        - david: it’s about the lottery and not about I can live in a single
          because someone else can’t. other campuses: we want friends to live
          together without considering what they can and can’t afford.
    - resident 4: you’ve described the situation at other colleges. but have
      students here brought up these concerns that people can’t make dorm
      choices because of prices.
        - david: what the data shows is that students do a good job of living
          where they want to. what we’re trying to do is say, we can do nothing.
          but students have come back to us saying they’re not happy. this is a
          solution we offer given constraints. there are some students that will
          say that they like how things are and others that appreciate the
          equity and the level playing field. students have strong feelings one
          way or another.
    - random resident: principle behind change is that price doesn’t become a
      factor. right now there is a tradeoff between amenities and price. whereas
      if you remove the price that balances the amenities. high amenity dorms
      might be prioritize more by students since they are the same prices.
        - david: interesting point.
    - random resident: lived in ec, random, new vassar. from my experience.
      dorms are not the same quality (amenities). the point I keep hearing is
      that this is to make housing more equitable for low income students. for
      me as a low income student and a person who has chosen to live in ec and
      random because of cheaper housing I don’t see why raising the prices is
      helping because it’s removing the option for me to choose a cheaper house
      so that I can work less. that is an option that is important to me and
      saves money and a lot of work.
        - david: I hear you.
    - random resident: I hear that this is going to be net price increase for
      dorms that are lower tiers and for rooms that have more people. this could
      incentivize a lot of students who are low income to consider off campus
      housing options such as ilgs that are cheaper. you’ve punted low income
      students into ilgs, off campus apartments. that are going to more removed
      from campus given transportation.
    - resident 6: at schools where this has been implemented. is there a way
      spaces could change based on student preferences?
        - david: we’re faced with a lot of constraints. how to handle all the
          students in the housing system. at other schools, it’s not a factor.
          you know what you have today and in five years this will just be the
          way it was. the question of why doesn’t really come up.
    - resident 7: I have some concerns. the way that I saw the price difference
      justified by the different dorms is that there are more expenses in a tier
      2 or 3 dorm because there are less things you can do because you are
      sharing the space. you have to go somewhere else to take a zoom call or
      you have to buy ac. that price goes towards paying for those things.
      sharing room with multiple people is not only pricing difference but also
      how you live your life.
        - david: good input
    - resident 8: last semester I lived in double in ec. currently single in
      tier 1 (simmons). housing price basically doubled. makes sense for equity
      if the dorms are equal. some dorms are not even ada compliant. I lived in
      macgregor over the summer and it was a hot box. I live in simmons and I
      have laundry and working elevators which is a luxury that’s only available
      for tier 1\. tier 2 and 3 don’t have that most of the time. there’s an
      understandable level of reducing equity differences. rn there is such a
      disparity in dorm quality. makes sense to postpone until dorms have met
      low bar of quality.
        - david: this is a time to think about this. when ec reopens there will
          be elevators. not all tier 1s have ac. macgregor is all singles. there
          are elevators that only stop at every 3 floors. but the point is,
          everyone who chooses to live in macgregor is paying tier 2 single that
          is above finaid calculation. this change removes that. this is another
          side of this. I take your point that we won’t have completely equal
          quality. but we’re at a moment of making big investment where the band
          is becoming narrower. ec is going to bump up and be on the same level
          as tier 1s.
        - resident 8: but we also have random which is on the same tier. there
          are students who need singles or elevators for accessibility reasons
          but finaid doesn’t need that. for medical accommodations for single
          there is whole convoluted system for making that work. there are a lot
          of different perspectives to consider.
    - new vassar resident: one observation and two suggestions.
        - once a dorm is renovated it becomes tier 1\. as older dorms continue
          to be renovated, we are heading toward a limit where all dorms become
          tier 1 pricing. the decision that hrs is giving students right now is
          that we all pay more for housing now or later when eventually all
          dorms get renovated.
        - first suggestion. if all dorms are going to become same cost,
          something that needs to happen is that dining needs to become
          optional. if a student living at tier 1 dorm price actually quadruples
          because dining meal plan is more than the cost of making food
          yourself. if you are making all dorms tier 1 pricing for the sake of
          low income students you need to give them the choice of letting them
          feed themselves. that could even be bigger difference than paying for
          tier 1 housing.
        - second suggestion to address disparities in amenities. perhaps pricing
          of rooms on campus could be treated like real estate market decides on
          price of apartments. cost of room accounts for dollar per square foot
          per person. that will make figuring out where to live more
          complicated. that will allow housing to better demonstrate what the
          value of what some dorms are. and give students more choice of where
          they get to live. that would be better of way of getting hrs to be
          able to handle revenue stream.
        - resident 9: considering that the current problem is to make housing
          equitable idk if market solution..
        - new vassar resident: there isn’t a reason why dorms are assigned what
          tier. especially what happened with bc the year it reopened. it seems
          that the price does not meet the quality of housing. if we created a
          proper system of rating amenities instead of extreme abstraction, I
          feel like that would create more equity and transparency.
    - mccormick resident: would like clarification. would housing and sfs be
      trying to make this change before renovations are completed or after?
        - david: there is no timetable on this necessarily. what has pushed the
          question is what is happening with ec right now. if we decide to do
          this how do we get from today to that new reality. we need to invest
          in certain areas that we have been and continue to do. bigger projects
          will be made in decade but I don’t see why wait when we can make it
          equitable sooner. only next and macgregor will be tier 2 and random
          will be tier 3\.
    - resident 10: my biggest problem is that we have basically been discussing
      amenities in different dorms. pushing focus toward amenities with fixed
      pricing. whether finaid covers housing in all, part, or none. whatever
      price is chosen matters in a lot of different ways to different people.
      hard to change things to that. each dollar that comes in or out of that
      housing price matters to students. no push for administration to push for
      housing that is not only high amenities but affordable.
        - david: everyone has different situations. I admire colleagues in
          finaid. the key aspect of affordability is tying price of housing to
          affordability.
        - resident 10: this seems like broad oversimplication of issue with
          affordability of housing. especially for low income every dollar that
          you get back matters a lot. students want to be able to make choices
          that benefit your life. having $500 extra is better than having say a
          nicer bathroom.
    - maseeh resident: it sounds like the reason for this being suggested is
      financial situation. do you know how much money it would take annually so
      that we don’t have to go through this situation.
        - david: we are trying to find a way forward that balances everything
          out. that doesn’t disrupt resources we need to support housing. so
          that finaid meets goals. we are trying to minimize that number. let’s
          not watch the tier 1 and 2 single price keep going up so that students
          don’t have to pay beyond finaid. so now we are trying to get everyone
          to pay same amount. another question is that are there things we can
          do with finaid to account for living expenses. in that sense there is
          no dollar amount.
        - maseeh resident: so it will increase the amount that you will need to
          operate. or if everyone pays more.
        - david: almost every room will eventually be at tier 1 double rate or
          above. we are trying to collapse all that. what is driving up price of
          projects we are completing is moving dorms up into tier 1\. we are no
          longer driving up the price of a single that goes above finaid
          calculation. the price wouldn’t stay fixed. price goes up every year.
          the point is that it would always go up at the same rate as finaid
          calculation.
    - resident: two questions. what would be the expected increase in revenue
      from this change?
        - david: none.
        - resident: is there any change that the whole dining thing that has
          anything to do with this?
            - david: no dining is its own separate conversation and I’m not
              responsible for dining myself. what we’re trying to say here. what
              housing collects in rates goes into operations. none of it fully
              pays for
        - resident: so does it reduce that deficit?
            - david: yes a little bit but not much.
    - resident: mit finaid is that up to 65000 full need is met. when you look
      at this data are you looking at parent income. if you are lower income you
      can feel more pressure.
        - david: finaid looks at every situation and continues to raise that
          ceiling.
    - resident: could we have finaid reps at next dormcon gbm?
        - rebecca: yes we can look into this.
    - mitali: want to try to wrap up conversation soon. last three points.
    - resident: if these changes are being made before renovations complete.
      does housing think it’s alright for students living in tier 2 or 3 to be
      paying premium for what they are getting.
        - david: we find ourselves in an odd scenario. for example everyone in
          macgregor is paying more as tier 2 single. and you are paying more
          than finaid. so now with change you are paying same as finaid
          calculation.
    - another resident: I briefly had a single for parents weekend so my mother
      was able to stay in my room. but this year mother had to stay in hotel so
      there are other costs. I don’t like making decisions based on peer
      institutions. what is good about mit is that it is special. I don’t like
      making decisions based on what other institutions but instead we should do
      what’s best for us. is quads
        - david: based on document guiding renovations. we want to build based
          on singles and doubles. ideally we will get to end of renewal cycle
          and we could. we need to have a standard. if you have a triple you
          should have all the furniture for that. no promises today we have 150
          undergrads in grad housing so we have no room.
    - next gra: was undergrad at mit in 2016, lived in macgregor. as a gra you
      select a dorm and there’s no difference in how much you are paid. it is
      similar to what you suggested. and it kind of sucked to pick next over
      other dorms. it makes sense to me to wait until dorms are renovated so
      that some dorms don’t have ceilings leaking. I know renovating dorms are
      expensive but it seems to me that I hope mit could construct dorms that
      could be maybe less nice housing but more affordable to maintain the
      option. so that it’s not something that’s hit immediately but is phased
      in. so that you know that this is happening in two years and can make more
      informed decision. I think current students opinions matter more than mine
      but I appreciate everything in this conversation.

- #### concluding remarks
    - david: we need to be thoughtful and it’s a complicated conversation. I’m
      always happy to come back when you want to have me.
    - rebecca: we need to end conversation here. we have qr code where you can
      put further feedback and questions. david could you share your email so
      students can share comments and thoughts. thank you everyone for coming.
      we are going to proceed with how dormcon usually goes.
    - jordan: you can reach out to
      [dormcon-housing-chair@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-housing-chair@mit.edu), we
      meet with hrs every two weeks

### EXEC UPDATES

- #### housing (jordan/cameron)
    - we have been looking for housing capacity projections.

- #### dining (tyra/ananda)
    - dining form is now up, qr codes at dining halls. getting great feedback
      that goes straight to mark and heather
    - get notifications when responses come in
    - recommend bookmarking bit.ly/mitdining23
    - working on live feedback form on new platform
    - trying to get more activity in second floor stud vendors. putting up
      banners on first floor right by entrance.
    - invited to committee on student life as guests
        - mostly not surprising statistics
        - interesting to hear perspectives there
        - every two weeks so will be good discussion
    - meeting with someone from bon appetit to discuss dietary restrictions
        - so if anyone has dietary restrictions and has feedback please reach
          out to us (email
          [dormcon-dining-chairs@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-dining-chairs@mit.edu))
        - you can also use the normal dining form if you want it to be anonymous

- #### underclassmen rep (hanu/geoffrey)
    - top optionality \- sent cameron names of some gras so we can hopefully get
      started meeting with bc head of house and area director to talk about
      issues and address some concerns
    - working on CPW hosting survey
    - mural policy update
        - new policy coming soon
        - \[thumbs up from david\]
        - specifically for next house but will apply to other dorms soon
        - next house is beginning its own mural pilot. real fake walls
          throughout the dorm
        - if you are from other dorm and interested in having murals email us at
          [dormcon-uc-rep@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-uc-rep@mit.edu)

- #### treasurer (melissa)
    - start doing transactions between dorms and dormcon. transferring rex
      funding and special event funding requests. from dorm budgets we are
      transferring apple picking fees
    - if you have any more special event funding proposals we would love to hear
      them.

- #### judcomm (sara/mateo)
    - we finished the first version of the constitution
        - link here
    - there will be vote next gbm to approve it
    - making it easier to read, some corrections. will be presented
    - will draft amendment to fix wording things. and also addressing issues
      such as population and renovations. should be able to vote in any order

- #### cpw/rex (temkin/daniel)
    - reached out to tasha to get feedback
    - survey to early returns on food security to inform stuff next year
        - big changes this year
        - all organizations sponsoring early return had to provide meals
        - received some feedback from dsl
        - will be sending out soon

- #### tech (nate)
    - I run the website and could help you with your website as well. email me
      at [dormcon-tech-chair@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-tech-chair@mit.edu)
    - website has google calendar link
    - announcement section on main page
        - right now has building switch lottery deadline
    - old notes are now certificate protected

- #### advisor (lusi/amanda)
    - building switch form is due at noon (the one during the day time)

- #### secretary (sunmee)

- #### p/vp (mitali/rebecca)
    - postering policy
        - submitting student names to join working group on dorm specific
          policies
    - discussion of toptionality. parallel convos in bc. will continue working
    - thank you everyone for sharing thoughts on relationships with house teams
      last week. planning on meeting with house teams and giving broader
      feedback

### DORM PREZ UPDATES

- #### simmons
    - proxy: temkin
    - jk rowling/terfs eom.
        - \[context pls??\]
        - around a decade ago the old hoh put stickers all over simmons for
          harry potter. people want to take them down because jk rowling not the
          best person. people don’t want to take them down because bureaucracy
          bureaucracy eom.

- #### random
    - website contentions
    - dorm website thoughts? pls email me

- #### maseeh
    - maseeh formal next weekend at mit museum
        - if you want to go lmk can prob give you a ticket
    - we gave helen a tour of maseeh on monday

- #### new vassar
    - got guest list set up finally
    - first year house tax got collected. same problem as bc

- #### macgregor
    - not much has happened
    - forced house team to eat desserts on sunday
    - rolling out changes and updates to constitution

- #### mccormick
    - taking 30 residents to watch the eras tour movie
        - \[round of applause\]
    - we currently do not have express guest list
        - we decide not to give tap access
        - you will need to just go to desk worker and tell them your name

- #### baker
    - scooter/bike accident outside of baker \+ scooter accident inside baker
      this week
    - if anyone has any thoughts on how to get people to not injure each other
        - speed bumps in the hallways??

- #### next
    - haunt is underway
    - if you heard about the leaking ceiling that was us
    - now have social committee

- #### ec
    - tap access to stud lounge as of noon today (\!\!)
    - elected bad ideas chairs
        - coming soon to an iap near you

- #### bc
    - we took toptionality proposal draft to house team
        - they had concerns around implementation (suite-by-suite)
        - gras concerned about interacting with students at gra
        - hoh concerned about existence of policy at this dorm while other dorms
          don’t, or students objecting to existence of policy at all
        - house gov confident we can make it work, house team a bit shaky.
        - continue working with what support we can get
    - had abc last weekend
        - went fine
        - it was a good time, thanks for coming
    - fundraising for panels
        - alum engagement/newsletter
        - might provisionally install some panels, then fundraising fills in
          remainder

- #### new
    - missing :’(

we are at time. any last concerns you can bring them up. you can also find the
relevant party and bring them up here.

if you have additional thoughts remember to fill out form on qr code. can always
email dormcon\!\!
