---
sidebar_label: November 30, 2023
---

# DormCon General Body Meeting

Date: November 30, 2023  
Location: Random Hall  
Food: Bertucciâ€™s pizza

:::note

If you find any issues with the meeting minutes, please email
[dormcon-secretary@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-secretary@mit.edu)

:::

## TL;DR (will be created after the meeting)

- updates from exec:
  [DormCon GBM Updates 11/30/23](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zrWqN2WCoynpe_RYp4NZIddzxkqnn2_IWkn0ss0lmnA/edit?usp=sharing)
- updates from presidents
- elections

## Full minutes

pull up to elections\!

### Exec updates

- #### cpw/rex (temkin/daniel)
    - we have updates\!
    - cpw:
        - we sent and bumped post-mortem email
        - event funding changes
        - meal requirements
        - meals were also a mess during cpw
    - rex:
        - early return feedback
        - 30% of people were dissatisfied
        - 50% of people did not feel there was a change in their food situation
        - 20% did not know they would be fed
        - help communicate with dsl earlier so that things are not a mess
    - ty everyone for working with us and we look forward to next year\!

- #### housing (cameron/jordan)
    - rich/david about grad housing process
        - making it less shit
        - they need a 150ish undergrads to live in grad housing based on
          projections
    - housing pricing structure changes
        - not definite at all
        - not immediate implementation
        - still gathering data
        - working on one-page fact sheet

- #### advisors (lusi/amanda)
    - undergrads living on campus or ilgs should have received email about
      winter break plans. not binding, just so that dept knows who is on campus
      and how to staff
    - fyi: start thinking about who in your building wants to participate in gra
      hiring process, will come up quickly in the spring

- #### treasurer (melissa)
    - all dorms should have rex funding and apple picking transactions finished
    - two funding requests today

- #### judcomm (sara/mateo)
    - election today\!
    - thatâ€™s it

- #### underclassmen rep (hanu/geoffrey)
    - tried to get 2027 class council to send email advertising elections for
      dormcon and specifically underclassmen rep
    - also a form to ask about cpw hosting experiences
    - did not get sent so whichever frosh came here are super involved\!\!
    - geoffrey will no longer be underclassmen rep after today. thank you
      geoffrey for your service ðŸ«¡
    - poster is almost done, just need a blurb
        - mitali, rebecca, and sunmee feel called out
        - we will get on it lmao
        - it will be great, it will be awesome

- #### dining (tyra/ananda)
    - meeting on monday (csl \- committee on student life, made of lots of
      faculty and administrators and some undergrad reps)
    - theyâ€™re having a consultant come in to look at the dining landscape at mit
      in general
        - may result in bon appetit being replaced \[gasps\]
    - mark/heather meeting
        - data: allergens, meal plans, numbers
        - also interviews with students, suzy nelson
        - one of the consultants is going to sit in a dining hall and just talk
          to students
    - some people said what if there was a dining hall in walker because there
      used to be one?
        - mark and heather said nope
        - because of the building, needs to be renovated
    - greenboxes
        - some issues with inventory system
        - you have two green box swipes
        - some people hand in the green box but donâ€™t get the credit back to
          their account
        - a new system
            - same boxes, but you get a token that is worth $5 or something
            - seemed better
            - apparently at the end of the year there were like 1000 boxes that
              werenâ€™t being circulated
    - talking to ua
        - many food initiatives going on around campus
    - wondering what opinions are (just a what if)
        - rn they serve breakfast at all dining halls but not all people use
        - what if they make breakfast just maseeh and vassar but you can use
          swipes at stata cafe for example
        - opinions:
            - need to keep baker breakfast (athletes)
            - same with new vassar
            - using swipes at non-dining-hall locations is nice
            - a lot of the dining halls have different hours for breakfast, the
              option of having it open is nice. there is a bit of activation
              energy to go out to somewhere else
            - doesnâ€™t seem hard to coordinate swipes since itâ€™s all under bon
              appetit
                - actually takes a while
            - having dining hall open at the place that you sleep encourages you
              to eat, a lot of people tend to skip breakfast
    - seems everyone is not happy with food at mit in general, so if you have
      specific things pls email
      [dormcon-dining-chairs@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-dining-chairs@mit.edu)

- #### tech (nate)
    - website now has a dropdown (woahhhh)
    - if you recently changed the link to your dorm website lmk
    - if you want your website to be nice and not have a squarespace or
      something lmk
    - use the piazza\!

- #### secretary (sunmee)
    - no updates

- #### p/vp (mitali/rebecca)
    - talking about campus tensions\!
    - recently met with suzy nelson, meeting tomorrow
    - giving various suggestions, will have time at the end of the meeting to
      have open discussions
    - email us at [dormcon-execest@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-execest@mit.edu)
    - if you have suggestions on how you can be better supported (emphasis on
      dorms but also stuff in general) we can tell admin
    - tomorrow meeting with david randall, helen wang, suzy nelson (dsl admin)
      to discuss student support
    - rebecca is on idhr student liaison group, so if anyone has
      feedback/questions we want to bring those up to idhr so talk to rebecca
      (messenger: rebecca lizarde)

very quick president updates\!\! many of your last updates as presidents. thank
you all for being wonderful presidents

### President updates

- #### next (leo, proxy)
    - thanksgiving happened
    - we are running elections
    - sruthi has done a lot for the dorm this year, we appreciate her

- #### baker (katie)
    - nice thanksgiving
    - ordering tshirts

- #### maseeh (mark)
    - also had thanksgiving
    - santaâ€™s coming so pull up to maseeh
    - update on mit museum thing
        - there was less damage than they think there was
        - maybe $700 for labor
        - they still seem up for hosting events, just higher price for extra
          security
        - idk how it happened we were supposed to be on the second floor but
          students went up to the third floor, they touched things they werenâ€™t
          supposed to touch and broke some exhibits

- #### random (sara)
    - also had thanksgiving, went good
    - normally if you have a bike in random you have to go up the front stairs
      and back down, now we have a back door for no stairs but only between 7am
      and 7pm
    - this is random, welcome

- #### new vassar (mateo)
    - had first public instance of issues with shared use of lounges right
      before thanksgiving
        - not sure exactly how it will be resolved but waiting on updates
    - some issues with deli line staff at lunch
        - will meet with dining people to discuss soon

- #### macgregor (tyler)
    - elections next week and a half

- #### mccormick (zitong)
    - nice thanksgiving
    - elections next weekend

- #### ec (jordan)
    - a lot of electing for event chairs
    - exec elections next week
    - fully moved into stud lounge
        - some mural panels installed right before thanksgiving
    - jordan is one of dormcon reps for poster policy working group
        - they are making a separate policy for dorms vs. all of campus
        - if you have had problems in your dorm with postering feel free to
          email
        - maria garcia in mccormick is also in that group for ua

- #### simmons (temkin, proxy)
    - ananda will be here soonâ„¢
    - we also had thanksgiving
    - simmons gov elections happening, nominations closed last night. there was
      some trouble getting people to run for things but I think we got it in the
      end hopefully

- #### bc (cameron)
    - did bc have thanksgiving? yeah we had thanksgiving
    - the update is â€œjustâ€ murals
    - weâ€™ve been having some painting on the walls recently
    - the most recent round before the most most recent round was spray painted
      bird designs that went in a lot of places in the dorm. they painted them
      all the way up a stairwell. now they have to repaint the entire wall.
    - were already going to have to have contractors come in and paint
    - hrs decided they were going to fine all residents individually
    - bc exec decided that to prevent future murals from happening we would hold
      the guest list for a bit. not just punish people with money because not
      fair to people who have less money
    - idk if itâ€™s backfiring but it got a lot of people to pay attention. the
      people were just painting graffiti with like fuck hrs and fuck my name?
      potentially? not fun
    - but our house team was good about it. had a town hall
    - because things were going to be painted over, they let us paint over it in
      a nice way.
    - cleaning staff didnâ€™t like seeing that
    - meeting was good, helen wang was there. she was good about listening and
      cares about community and student support
    - a bunch of the meeting from monday..
        - was rather long
        - hard to have discussions that felt like it was moving forward because
          hrs was not there
        - but people got information
        - there are a lot of rumors about hrs and murals. good discussion. helen
          wang was great
    - cameron had a meeting with david, helen, ad, and exec today
        - students feel like they need to be supported in policy
        - many residents donâ€™t understand where itâ€™s coming from even though
          some dorm exec has been in discussion for a while
        - better communication \-\> town hall on muraling. maybe should be open
          to everyone. where david can be there and say where the policy is and
          where hrs wants to support students on art work
    - panel installations happening over iap on five floors, might rework that
      to spread it out
        - 60k in funding, half from hrs and half from associate provost brett
          \<3
    - doesnâ€™t seem like painting directly on walls is going to come back. a lot
      of this is expensive and takes away student autonomy which people have
      felt they have lost.
    - they donâ€™t want to shut down discussion because that is a lot less
      expensive than painting over the walls
    - we appreciate you cameron, thank you for your service \<3

### Funding request voting

- Budgets:
    - [Boston Tea Party Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1W0pgZmimq9CwDp7MeY4ET-D5aC4-KMpyehdB8TwsnC8/edit?usp=sharing)
    - [Budget proposal - Bad Ideas Weekend 2024](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1W_kr38ycVdUz47g_aRCp7ROS0PL2sUQPujM9tr1lOkE/edit?usp=sharing)
- c2 boston tea party
    - pitch
        - does anyone know what happened 250 years ago? \[insert eloquent
          description\] boston tea party\!\! connor 2 is hosting party
          protesting the boston tea party. open to campus as a whole. hacks
          planned. series of emails. pubbed to campus as a whole. we ask for
          1200 of funding. total 2400 budget. this would help us make a good
          party.
    - questions
        - shirts are part of publicity, supplemented by floor funds
        - party is in bc tv lounge. rearranging furniture to ensure capacity is
          higher. at least 100 people, b1 hosted a party open to campus and they
          didnâ€™t have issues with overflow
        - setting a precedent of every burton connor party getting 1200 of
          dormcon funding??
            - b1 asked for 1225 and b3 asked for 525, concerns about limiting
              funding to one party. could discuss at exec meeting
        - $2400 for a party of 100 seems like a lot
            - hopefully will have people circulate, so more than 100 people
              might show up
        - $730 for shirts just going to your floor doesnâ€™t seem like something
          that dormcon should fund
            - partly funded by floor funding ($200)
        - reduce to $1000 to account for above?
        - maybe look at things closer for the future
    - a possibility is funding part of 1200 if there is concern about individual
      line items, opening to presidents to suggest lower amounts
    - vote on $1200: **passed**
- bad ideas weekend
    - pitch
        - happening jan 19\. people submit bad ideas and we do a bunch of
          different stuff. asking for just under 1750\. getting lef, deflorez,
          ec funding as well.
    - dormcon budgeted for this. take a look at budget and let us know if there
      are concerns
    - why is today scrutiny city we never look at budgets lmao
    - vote on the requested amount: **passed**

### Elections

- #### rundown
    - four positions
    - just a note the meeting will go past 9 sry about that. we will have time
      limits
    - election order: housing chair, cpw/rex chair, underclassmen rep, i3 chair
    - procedure:
        - all candidates will present platform (1 min)
        - questions (30 s response per candidate)
            - former position holders
            - dormcon exec and presidents
            - anyone else in the meeting
        - candidates will leave the room, discussion (max 20 min, warning at 15
          min)
        - vote by population
        - for housing, i3, underclassmen. one person.
        - cpw/rex chair: majority population vote, we do it twice
    - population vote: determined from hrs website. dorm residents that disagree
      from dorm presidents can vote individually.
    - restrictions: president, vice president, and judcomm cannot hold other
      positions. underclassmen rep must be freshman.
    - housing chair position is just for one semester (rest of cameronâ€™s term),
      just until may/june
    - commitment: attend all dormcon exec and gbms every thursday evening

- #### housing chair
    - ##### nominations
        - maria (not present), farin liani, sruthi
        - any other nominations?
            - geoffrey nominated \-\> accepted
            - temkin nominated \-\> accepted
        - people running: farin, sruthi, geoffrey, temkin

    - ##### pitches
        - temkin
            - hi Iâ€™m temkin I live in simmons. 2026\. Iâ€™ve lived in too many
              places. mit housing system was difficult for me to navigate. I
              want to make sure that students who need help can get it and
              interface with admin. housing form opt out instead of opt in or
              changing tier system. want to make things as best as it can be. I
              am currently cpw/rex chair for dormcon
        - farin
            - hi Iâ€™m farin. technically class of 2024 but here for a bit longer.
              from mccormick. pretty new to dormcon. going to meetings this
              semester. super inspired by what people are doing here. I want to
              do the same thing and help. pretty familiar with current projects
              because Iâ€™ve been showing up to meetings. being at meeting with
              david was an eye opener to how admin things. very passionate about
              listening to students and no conflict. good grasp of what
              everyoneâ€™s thinking even if it is a bit messy
        - geoffrey
            - hello Iâ€™m geoffrey. class of 2026\. course 20\. I live in next
              house. I am senior underclassmen rep. I want to run for housing
              chair because Iâ€™ve always thought of all the positions in dormcon
              and housing chair is the one that strikes at what our mission is
              which is to make undergrad housing better. a lot of the things
              that we work on in dormcon generally emanates from general housing
              chair responsibilities. for example real fake walls project that I
              spent much of my time working on. interested in working further
        - sruthi (leo, proxy)
            - I believe that housing is something that affects most undergrads.
              not much forums of communicating besides directly contacting hrs.
              organized forums on housing initiatives contact people for support
              initiatives and communicating what feedback works best. would love
              to stay involved with student government and there is a lot of
              work I would enjoy doing.

    - ##### questions
        - jordan: housing chair is a position where you talk to rich and david
          every two weeks, heads of hrs. what is your experience talking with
          admin and advocating on behalf of students
            - farin
                - mainly had experience talking with faculty. not any formal
                  advocating for students in the past. but I feel comfortable
                  diving into that and doing my best. because I feel that those
                  conversations have gone well in the past.
            - geoffrey
                - I had the opportunity to work with david before. me cameron
                  jordan hanu and luca. for input on the new mural policy that
                  came out on the new hrs website. generally had experiences
            - temkin
                - cpw/rex chair. spent time working with admin. whether it was
                  running into tasha five days before rex or working with ofy.
                  it helps to realize that admin are own people with own goals
                  and bosses. working with admin pretty fun
            - sruthi (leo)
                - sruthi has worked with ad on forums to support students given
                  recent campus conflicts. and how to make use of spaces like
                  basement. has spoken with students a lot on david spicer last
                  year. had strategy on communicating on difficult topics
        - cameron: how good are you with early mornings (8:30am on thursdays)
            - geoffrey
                - ok lemme cook. if you pull an all nighter til 8:30 then itâ€™s
                  just a 1 hour meeting and then you can sleep. but yea itâ€™s
                  fine
            - temkin
                - currently thursday is my sleep in day but if I have early
                  morning meetings I will sleep early. but yes I can make early
                  morning meetings if totally necessary
            - farin
                - same here. I have 9ams monday-thursday every week this term.
                  got used to early mornings
            - sruthi (leo)
                - has had 10,11am classes this semester. my sleep schedule has
                  seen it all (unhealthy or very very versatile). generally able
                  to make this work. in the past has worked with gra hiring and
                  such
        - cameron: channels/how connected are you to people living in dorms? you
          donâ€™t have to be a dorm prez but in that position you get a lot of
          people coming and talking to you about issues. what kind of
          experience?
            - temkin
                - lived in five different dorms at this point. relatively well
                  connected into dorms. friend moving into bc came asking about
                  room assignment. not dorm prez at the moment but ec webcomm. I
                  can reach out to anyone in any dorm
            - farin
                - I lived in two dorms. random and mccormick. have friends in
                  most dorms. go to house gov meetings in mccormick
            - geoffrey
                - kinda known as the dormcon friend in my friend group. friend
                  working out event in dorm that I donâ€™t live in. and I was able
                  to help them out.
            - sruthi (leo)
                - has been next president. pulse surveys. walking around dorm
                  with ice cream cart. role has given her a lot of opportunities
                  to connect with residents and learn about ways to effectively
                  get feedback
        - jordan: are you planning on running for other positions
            - farin: I didnâ€™t know we could. so maybe
            - geoffrey: no
            - temkin: no
            - sruthi (leo): no

    - candidates are kicked out, insert discussion

    - ##### vote results
        - sruthi was elected

- #### cpw/rex chairs
    - ##### nominations
        - maddie laws
        - open for nominations
            - farin \-\> accept
            - felicity \-\> accept

    - ##### pitches
        - farin
            - hi again. I want to be a part of dormcon and help students. cpw
              and rex are huge part of initial experience at mit. so important
              to get right as much as you can. want to be part of making that
              happen. can always learn and improve.
        - maddie
            - Iâ€™m maddie. first year. rex and cpw were some of the most pivotal
              events as a new students. cpw is important because helps you
              determine whether mit is your people. rex is finding your people
              among your people. having rex events can help transition from high
              school to college. very involved in dorms. was at boarding school
              so was in dorms a lot. strong dorm culture
        - felicity
            - Iâ€™m a first year. learned about dormcon through mitali my
              associate advisor. didnâ€™t attend cpw. had to participate in rex.
              which I appreciate. figuring out where you want to live and
              introduction to culture at mit in general. and why itâ€™s worth it
              to stay at mit even though the work sucks sometimes

    - ##### questions
        - daniel: what would you change about cpw/rex if you could?
            - maddie:
                - one of big issues was with food. one girl had a gluten allergy
                  and could not find food that was safe for her. by godâ€™s grace
                  maseeh people let us in to get food. want to make sure that
                  people donâ€™t worry about what their next meal is at these
                  events and enjoy.
            - felicity:
                - wasnâ€™t at cpw so not sure about that. for rex. the welcome
                  meals (14 meals thing) wasnâ€™t communicated well at all. could
                  be better communicated.
            - farin:
                - very sad to say that as a 2024 our cpw/rex didnâ€™t really
                  happen. didnâ€™t really happen the year after either. I am
                  concerned about the food concerns. making sure students arenâ€™t
                  overwhelmed.
        - temkin: if something were to pop up unexpectedly, how do you handle
          that? during cpw/rex things pop up when you least expect it. like
          suddenly none of the frosh can tap into buildings or 60 events get
          cancelled. what would you do in those types of situations?
            - felicity:
                - two ways. one is reaching out to admin. for certain problems
                  like not being able to get into dorms. there are things that
                  can be delayed but stuff like that canâ€™t because they need a
                  place to stay. tapping people in. canâ€™t just let them sleep on
                  the sidewalks.
            - farin:
                - personally I go into problem solving mode. especially if it is
                  an emergency. figuring out who I can contact.
            - maddie:
                - to preface. I always plan for disasters to happen in my
                  everyday life. so I am always a little ahead on things. when
                  things pop up I will be on them. I was across campus and my
                  roommate said they were stuck in the elevator and I ran back.
        - daniel: have you been on the side of planning cpw/rex in any way?
            - farin:
                - no, but I have helped volunteer for mccormick events. this
                  might be similar to orientation and I was an ol.
            - maddie:
                - no Iâ€™m a freshman. however I have attended several.
            - felicity:
                - Iâ€™m actually a senior in disguise. no.
        - temkin: this cpw/rex we went with a lot of new regulations that were
          passed down to us from above. food security gave new requirements.
          there will be new requirements. sometimes they will tell you things
          and donâ€™t have much leeway. how would you communicate that and how
          would you advocate at the same time?
            - maddie:
                - regulations often exist for a reason. but if there is a valid
                  reason on the other side I am open to advocating on both
                  sides. some legal standpoints, safety standpoints.
            - felicity:
                - when it comes to regulations I try to get general response of
                  what people think about it especially if I can talk to people
                  most affected and try to communicate that to admin. if thereâ€™s
                  not much we can do about it thereâ€™s not much we can do but at
                  least bringing it up.
            - farin:
                - safety and some regulations that exist for a reason thereâ€™s
                  probably not much to do. but if thereâ€™s a large consensus that
                  change needs to be made you need to at least see if something
                  can be done.
        - mitali: how organized would you say you are? responding to emails?
            - felicity:
                - pretty organized. have a calendar. I donâ€™t usually lose
                  things. pretty good with responding to emails. communicate if
                  thereâ€™s a delay if waiting on something.
            - farin:
                - love/hate relationship with inbox. if itâ€™s something I can
                  take care of right there I do it. if itâ€™s for later I put it
                  on a todo list.
            - maddie:
                - organized to an extent that works for me. not perfectly
                  organized. have my own system. list of things I need to do and
                  when I need to do them by. do respond to emails quickly
        - mateo: schedule next semester?
            - farin:
                - planning to take 4-5 classes, standard. in two campus
                  organizations. one sport and amphibious achievement which is
                  sunday thing. sport ends early, start of march.
            - maddie:
                - 4-5 classes. will be in season but I played three varsity
                  sports in high school. never been a problem
            - felicity:
                - 4-5 classes, starting a urop
        - nate: are you planning to run for any other position?
            - maddie: underclassmen rep. would prefer this because am excited
              about this side of dormcon
            - felicity: was definitely thinking i3 maybe underclassmen. this is
              a lot more casual than I thought
            - farin: I want to be a part of dormcon. i3. I do prefer this one
        - daniel: do you plan on being in cambridge/boston this summer? do you
          kinda know what youâ€™re doing?
            - felicity: no clue
            - farin: probably will be in cambridge/boston
            - maddie: will be in massachusetts (family is here). cambridge or 40
              min away
        - cameron: how familiar are you with github/software stuff because
          booklet and website runs off of a thing?
            - farin: no problem
            - maddie: might be area of weakness but my brother is a cs major
            - felicity: not that familiar
        - mateo: whatâ€™s your favorite color
            - guys pls

    - ##### vote results
        - farin and maddie were elected

- #### underclassmen rep
    - ##### nominations
        - maynard, maria (not here), guy sanchez
        - nominations
            - felicity \-\> accept

    - ##### pitches
        - maynard
            - hi Iâ€™m maynard. Iâ€™m a first year. I currently live in maseeh. Iâ€™m
              running for underclassmen rep because I value the community that
              dormcon and mit community strives to put into dorm events and
              living on campus. I spent a lot of my high school career working
              on student council and working for high school band. making sure
              that every single person felt welcome and valued. the transition
              to mit. moving to a different place and adjusting while also
              finding community. working with cpw/rex will affect them in that
              regard.
        - guy sanchez
            - hi Iâ€™m guy sanchez. live in baker. also freshmen. a lot of my
              friends have come to me with problems on dorm life and I think I
              could do well to solve them. dining dorms donâ€™t have tap access
              for everyone small problem to solve. I am very approachable.
              distributed business card with my number across campus.
        - felicity
            - hello Iâ€™m felicity. first year living at maseeh. first year
              experience is pretty scary and new and transitional. it is
              important we do our best to represent the first year within the
              broader dorm body. with issues such as not being used to or
              understanding dorm culture and finding your place within dorm
              culture and mit and navigating that relationship

    - ##### questions
        - geoffrey: what problems have you or other underclassmen faced. how
          would you use the position to help advocate?
            - maynard
                - I am from halfway across the nation. big jump is an issue
                  especially international students face. core group of students
                  that can meet to combat homesickness and introduce to
                  community
            - guy
                - increasing tap access. laundry is expensive. similar budget to
                  printing.
            - felicity
                - on community. among first years. many are having issues making
                  friends or not branching out. maybe planning more first year
                  get togethers to help build community. some things like capd
                  tend to be more logistical so something more community focused
        - hanu: what are your obligations for the next semester
            - guy: 4-5 classes, mock trial team (few hours a week)
            - felicity: 4-5 classes, starting urop, part of esp (can adjust
              commitment)
            - maynard: 4-5 classes, part of orchestra, esp.
        - nate: are you free thursday nights? like all of them?
            - nods
        - ananda: are you planning on running for i3 chair
            - felicity: nods
            - maynard: maybe
            - guy: no
        - mitali: are you planning on living in a dorm next year
            - nods
        - rebecca: could you give us an example of a time you had to say no to
          someone or give a hard ask
            - guy:
                - homecoming dance was cancelled junior year. had to go to admin
                  and beg. they still said no. I went around them and went to
                  parent-teacher organization and got it.
            - felicity:
                - wasnâ€™t really in student gov but led a few clubs. some were
                  competitive. hard no was talking to people who really wanted
                  to get onto competitive teams. while respecting commitment and
                  passion
            - maynard
                - high school brass ensemble director. we had a long week,
                  decide to not rehearse today. holding it back and thinking for
                  the best of the group.
        - mitali: any examples of working with adults or admin. had to advocate
          for something that was a difficult ask, specifically for an adult. if
          not provide speculation
            - felicity:
                - for the competitive teams there was not really friction
                  between us and admin. not had to do it before. varies on what
                  exactly it is. getting as much info as possible beforehand.
                  how badly do people want this. are there alternatives.
                  bringing up whatever I can to get some points in our favor
            - maynard:
                - senior year was on senior class board. worked directly with
                  principal. listen to both sides. present my views. see the
                  admin views. find the middle ground where we both think it
                  would work best for the people involved.
            - guy:
                - class president from 8th grade to senior year. had to work
                  with lots of adults on events. try to go diplomatically. you
                  have to understand they have a job and not to be your friend.
                  willing to work around system if need be
        - hanu: what do you value most about the mit undergrad dorm experience?
            - maynard:
                - the fact that we are forced to live in dorm our first year.
                  finding other people that play trombone. finding your people
                  is hard. coming to mit and finding those people you can call
                  your friends is beneficial to experience as a whole
            - guy:
                - in baker our lounges are very active. nice that there is a
                  place to meet new people across the country and make new
                  friends.
            - felicity:
                - I like the variety. we have somewhat binary split between
                  mainstream and counter-culture. that is broad realization.
                  thereâ€™s a lot of variety between dorms. allows people to find
                  places where they fit in by providing that versatility.
        - cameron: very cool that you guys are here. getting involved as
          freshmen is a bit scary. you are representing underclassmen. how
          connected are you to other underclassmen?
            - guy:
                - I think I feel very connected to underclassmen. friends in
                  every dorm. being in baker but not on a sports team, have
                  connection to many sports teams. Iâ€™m willing to listen.
            - felicity:
                - I wouldnâ€™t say that Iâ€™m connected with majority of first year
                  population. Iâ€™m willing to learn. think Iâ€™m relatively
                  approachable.
            - maynard:
                - started my time not too connected. meeting other students
                  through 2027 discord, video game orchestra, wind ensemble. I
                  really love meeting other people. living with the mentorship
                  while getting adjusted college.

    - ##### vote results
        - guy was elected

- #### i3 chair
    - ##### nominations
        - eunice
        - felicity
        - maynard
        - leo \-\> rejected

    - ##### pitches
        - maynard:
            - hello again. maynard. 27\. live in maseeh. I want to be i3 chair.
              i3 videos are wonderful introduction to institute. they serve
              their purpose and are great at helping first years. there is a lot
              of work to be done in getting info they need and showcasing each
              individual dormâ€™s quirks and why youâ€™d want to live there.
        - eunice:
            - sophomore. lived in ec last year. now live in macgregor. when I
              applied to mit I was like smart people nerds scary ah. in my
              interview I was like what is it actually like. he was like I am
              just one guy and said you can go watch i3 videos for more holistic
              perspective. was helpful for finding ec which was safe space for
              me. seeing diverse cultures. even if one dorm is not for you. is
              very encouraging.
        - felicity:
            - Iâ€™m interested in i3. found them fun and engaging. nice way to
              introduce people to mit. seems like cool position. pretty good at
              logistics. for something that introduces first years is very nice
              as someone who was intimidated by first joining mit

    - ##### questions
        - tyra: approach to following guidelines while also showing dorm
          culture?
            - eunice
                - practical legal constraints like not having alcohol in videos.
                  admin typically worried about liability and risk. I am
                  comfortable advocating from experience in esp. dorm culture is
                  not detriment but is a strength for mitâ€™s image is how I would
                  spin it in talking to admin
            - felicity
                - some things we canâ€™t change at all. if I know dorms really
                  want something looking at workaround. or finding more subtle
                  ways that donâ€™t technically go against regulations
            - maynard
                - there is a balance between what admin says canâ€™t have in video
                  but a portion of mit dorm culture would say that it brings out
                  what should be in i3 videos. we can bring it out in a way that
                  shows stuff.
        - mateo: how good are you with emails and responding?
            - felicity
                - within a day unless at really late hour
            - maynard
                - 24-48 hours. organization system by class, by club.
            - eunice
                - get overwhelmed by emails which is why I organize. I
                  co-directed two educational programs for esp so there were
                  lots of emails. if something is really important I will make
                  sure to respond to in a timely manner. if not might take a
                  break and approach later
        - cameron: you have to harass people right? how comfortable are you
          harassing people to get the i3 video done? also deciding when to
          follow up because you decide your own timeline
            - maynard
                - as introvert I function better on digital space. saying hey we
                  need to get this done or checking in if thereâ€™s been a while
                  since an update. being respectful since everyone has stuff
                  going on in their lives
            - eunice
                - was not comfortable bumping but had to do it so much that I
                  got used to it. mit is very stressful place. i3 is not
                  requirement like a class but we do it because we want to. so
                  understanding that. when bumping checking to see context or
                  how we can help. if there is a hard deadline planning in
                  advance
            - felicity
                - precautionary measures. telling in advance what weâ€™re aiming
                  for and keep within those timelines so we donâ€™t do everything
                  at once at the very end. hopefully with more cut system we can
                  help prevent that. am comfortable with bumping people
                  repeatedly
        - mitali: part of being on dormcon exec is just working on general
          dormcon issues. what are some of the issues youâ€™d like to be involved
          with more generally
            - felicity
                - issues relevant to other positions I ran for. interested in
                  dining. dining complaints are among most frequent. discussions
                  on meal plans and how we can adjust them for first years
                  particularly.
            - eunice
                - muraling and cultural expression within dorms. not that
                  familiar with dormcon so not sure how much power we have but
                  mental health is important to me. individual \+ community
                  mental health. cross-dorm pollination socially.
            - maynard
                - community and students especially first/second years on
                  finding friends. laundry pay at maseeh while random is free is
                  not fair. unforeseen cost.

    - ##### vote results
        - felicity was elected
