---
sidebar_label: May 1, 2025
---

# Elections GBM Spring 2025

Date: 01 May 2025  
Location: 4-163  
Attendees:

:::note

If you find any issues with the meeting minutes, please email
[dormcon-secretary@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-secretary@mit.edu)

:::

## TL;DR (will be created after the meeting)

- Elected Positions
    - President/Vice President: Temkin/Farin
    - Housing Chair: Daniel \+ Haylea
    - Dining Chair: Jackson \+ Eugenie
    - Treasurer: Gabriel
    - Underclassmen Rep: Andrew
    - Secretary: Paola
    - Tech Chair: Camila
    - Judcomm Chair: Helena \+ Michaela

## Full minutes

- [DormCon Intent to Run (Spring '25) (Responses)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vfWwbLxsTyA1i3oYpSglDf1LjmyAuPpSxoV22XUZjjI/edit?fbclid=IwY2xjawKA3FFleHRuA2FlbQIxMABicmlkETEzUnZHVm8xR2R4N0h1dFhWAR6a7QJPS4B7kpr1LdZiJxmrfwSWr4PKe6LX8VDwr94-Ul2wEiW9iV9khamUOA_aem_vPTWiuOlnOj9obMEc2DHsA&gid=1845029306#gid=1845029306)
- Intent to Run (in person):
    - President/Vice President: Daniel (1), Geoffrey (1), Temkin (1), Farin (1,
      presumably?)
    - Housing Chair (2): Haylea (1), Jackson (1)
    - Dining Chair (2): Daniel (2), Eugenie (1)
    - Treasurer
    - Underclassmen Rep
    - Secretary
    - Tech Chair
    - Judcomm Chair (\<=2)
- Quorum
    - Dorms present:
        - Baker \- y
        - BC \- n
        - EC \- y
        - MacGregor \- n, now y
        - Maseeh \- n
        - McCormick \- y
        - New House \- y
        - New Vassar \- y
        - Next \- n
        - Random \- y
        - Simmons \- y
    - good enough for quorum
- Elections listed above; will run till Spring 2026
    - Each election will have:
        - nominations
        - platforms (60s for everything except Pres/VP, which is 90s)
        - questions from dorm presidents \+ general exec
        - questions from everyone (until none remaining or 5 minutes, 10 for
          pres/vp)
        - candidates go out in the hall, deliberations, and at any point,
          chamber can ask if we’re ready to vote, no objections \=\> start
          voting
        - vote, then if no majority, run-off election with top two candidates
        - dorm presidents have votes according to \# of undergrads in their dorm

### President/VP Election

- Daniel only wants to be considered for VP, Geoffrey, Temkin, and Farin will be
  considered for both positions
- Platforms:
    - Geoffrey
        - thinks the major general thing to tackle is student engagement in
          issues and student transparency, not just looking at by default, admin
          sucks, but more specifically what we can do better as DormCon, in
          these advocacy issues, so that students don’t hear about things when
          they’re being implemented/enforced, have more of a say in
          implementations/negotations, students don’t feel like student gov is
          important, physical manifestation is that not many people are running
          for many positions, want to change culture around student advocacy, be
          less of an in-group, so every student can be a student advocate
    - Daniel
        - agrees with everything Geoffrey says
        - starts from ground-up with events we run, field day, getting our name
          out there, letting students know DormCon exists and has direct contact
          with admin, want to stress to admin that these things are important,
          stress REX is important, want to exist within campus culture
        - wants to support presidents of dorms, students in general, can fit
          that well and uniquely
    - Temkin
        - has been in DormCon since freshmen fall, has seen many changes happen
        - housing chair every other week, lots of issues that could have gone
          differently if not involved, wants to keep this running/enhance it,
          has gotten to know most of us
        - wants to have policy of being open, anyone can talk to them, has been
          known to barge into admin’s offices
        - hopes to help us all out
    - Farin
        - been in DormCon for 2 years, was CPW/REX chair, was Housing Chair with
          Temkin, cares a lot about the dorms, and the students, open to being
          president or VP
        - agrees with Geoffrey, needs to be more engagement in student gov, what
          we do is super cool, get to talk to admin, avenues for change, wants
          to see more people in DormCon, have a lot of people leaving :(, need
          to fill up
- Questions
    - Jordan \- how would you handle a disagreement with an administrator which
      they simply won’t budge on?
        - Farin \- has happened quite a bit, most recently rooves, tap pad
          access
            - part of job as student leader is to see exactly where line is,
              communicate to other students, HRS wasn’t communicating to
              students directly, told them students were really worried, that
              they needed to address
        - Temkin
            - agrees roof thing was something they wrestled with with admin
            - REX and blackout times, other things admin doesn’t want to budge
              on
            - once there’s a problem identified, working with them to find a
              solution
            - if it’s about putting a slot in the middle of REX, or pushing HRS
              to have town halls of students, show HRS that their solution won’t
              work
        - Daniel
            - working on creative solutions, once identified where line is, how
              to go to where the boundaries of the problem are
            - solutions that aren’t just how things have been done or a
              band-aid, some new solution
            - remember people are just people with jobs, many of them want to
              just go home at the end of the day knowing they’ve kept students
              safe, want to communicate we want the same thing
        - Geoffrey
            - all previous answers were great, to not repeat, knows when he’s
              worked on undergrad issues, big thing that seems less on the
              collaborative side, but also important, is increasing the leverage
              in negotiations, like actually involving more stakeholders and
              people who might be affected by changes being implemented
            - easy to just say no, say change will affect these people in this
              way, but important to actually portray directly that the change
              will affect \*me\* in this way, \*my\* undergraduate experience
            - issue isn’t just between DormCon and HRS, between DormCon, HRS,
              and the whole student body, which is a piece of the puzzle that’s
              missing
    - Ananda \- how have previous experiences in previous student leadership
      prepared you, how have you grown from them, what’s been most helpful?
        - Temkin
            - on this campus, there’s so many opportunities to do something,
              hard to narrow down, frequent culprit
            - has served many roles in DormCon, out of DormCon, CPW chair, going
              to office the day before CPW is going to start and asking them to
              please not cancel 70 events 5 days before it’s going to start
            - agrees with brining in external stakeholders, everything affects
              so many people
            - dorms aren’t just where you live, it’s also where you meet people,
              have personal experience, not just current residents but also
              everyone who’s lived there in the past
        - Farin
            - has also done lots of exploration on campus, doesn’t do everything
              but has tried almost everything
            - has given lots of perspective, really enjoys learning about
              people, the things they enjoy
            - has enjoyed student gov a lot, has learned a lot about issues
              facing students, can use that in DormCon meetings, or with HRS,
              etc., thinks all that experience has given familiarity and comfort
              when talking to admin; start to realize how admin sees things,
              what they’re trying to accomplish
        - Geoffrey
            - increasing engagement/transparency in policy processes
            - because was JudComm chair, and has been on many working groups,
              has seen how different organizations have enacted changes, e.g.,
              changing of open campus policy at start of freshman year
            - catalyst to major shift was broader engagement of entire community
              on this issue to change levers, the position of admin on this
              policy changed, big success
            - even from something as small as being in a student group/org,
              communicating with SOLE, when can’t reach agreement 1:1, bring in
              faculty advisor, general thesis of answers is bringing in advocacy
              strategies from outside DormCon
        - Daniel
            - has worn many hats, Dining Chair, CPW/REX chair, briefly part of
              ASA, has interacted with Housing through EC reopening committee \-
              well-rounded view of division of student life infrastructure, how
              things work differently, everyone works differently
            - taking everyone as an individual, having connections built up
    - Jackson \- are there any specific issues you’d prioritize as president?
        - Daniel
            - has had experience in dining, not end-all-be-all, high-level
              dining committee will be impactful, but DormCon will be focused on
              REX, rooftop access, etc., things that affect every student,
              housing will be very important, housing is going through lots of
              changes, not already someone dealing with it
        - Temkin
            - something spoken about a lot is “shared governance,” but it’s not
              working the way they say it has been… decisions they “make
              together” as a community \- but really it’s just faculty and
              staff, wants to ensure student representation at a lot of these
              tables, people need to be in the room, sometimes students just
              Aren’t… there’s so many students \- can be easy to negate a
              stakeholder in a process
            - is a Course 11, where they talk a lot about stakeholders, someone
              talked to every single business owner on a street about how to
              change the street
            - sometimes you just have to talk to people, students aren’t talked
              to, things happen, we should be there
        - Farin
            - shares these goals of increasing student representation
            - wants to make student rep more representative, it’s a small group
              of people who gets involved, hasn’t seen initiatives to address
              this systemically
            - as DormCon President or VP, things happen \- hard to say what
              major challenges will be \- wants to feel confident that past
              experiences will help address things that come up, so being
              flexible is very important
            - lots of interest in increasing student rep, happy to see
        - Geoffrey
            - going to be quirky and attack the premise of the question
            - pretty common trap for people running for leader positions to say
              “I’m going to solve this issue, attack this issue” for entire year
              \- while that’s definitely nice and appealing when trying to win a
              student-body-wide election, in the long term, it’s a thing where
              issues start and stop when people are there to pick them up
            - focusing on continuity of issues we’re attacking/advocating for is
              much more important, making progress on one thing in one year,
              imagine what we could do in 2 years, in reality, student
              administrators know advocacy is a very deliberative process, if
              you start something one year, unlikely it’ll be finished by the
              end of the academic year, want admin to see DormCon as a
              continuous body that will attack things for more than a year
    - Gabriel \- what role do you see the UA in in the bigger picture,
      collaborations with DormCon, how do you see the UA?
        - Geoffrey
            - another party in lots of issues we face, roofdecks don’t only face
              undergrad events, REX doesn’t just have dorm events, also club
              events, etc.
            - in some issues, UA is relevant party, increasing engagement and \#
              of stakeholders, looking to people who have co-jurisdiction over
              issues, having a united front because for a lot of administrators
              on contentious issues, not having DormCon and UA on united front
              weakens position
        - Daniel
            - also on UA
            - DormCon and UA are going to want to go on different paths
              sometimes, that’s okay, should show admin strongest front, bring
              UA in on things, might be disagreements
        - Temkin
            - on council, hopefully for not much longer
            - DormCon has a specific goal, student life in dorms, lots of
              expertise on that, advocate on that very well, but there’s so many
              things, and we as a group can’t do it all
            - can involve others in our discussion/loop them in, on the shuttle
              committee, piloting a shuttle between MIT and Harvard, has been
              working on it all semester, it’s an undergrad issue, should get
              other people involved, affects everyone
        - Farin
            - UA is undergrad association \- students who want to get involved
              in government will end up at the UA, it’s a big thing for funding
              stuff, etc., DormCon also does a good job with advocacy, can
              expand influence, work on things that touch people outside of just
              dorms, lots of people on DormCon that do things outside of just
              dorms, good experience being on DormCon, but UA is also important
              (big and Seen on campus), the more communication, etc. that we
              have can bring more people in

### Housing Chair

- Geoffrey, Daniel, Haylea, and Jackson
- Platforms
    - Geoffrey
        - spoke a lot on last one, wants to reiterate, would apply all those
          points as housing chair
    - Daniel
        - also yapped a lot \- also thinks housing will be a big deal
    - Haylea
        - new to DormCon, not new to student gov, dorm issues, if had to quit
          every extracurricular, couldn’t quit dorm gov, coming to Boston from
          rural town was hard, and finding a dorm was instrumental in making MIT
          great, a big part of that is student autonomy, everything has mattered
          a lot to a lot of people, wants to sway people in a way that helps
          students
    - Jackson
        - President of Simmons, has already realized that HRS and Housing have
          an important impact on students, especially in discussions over roof
          access, has been involved in discussions over that for Simmons,
          important to see where people are coming from, be able to compromise,
          might not be able to change minds, but there’s openness on several
          aspects of restrictions, able to negotiate on specifics \+ bring in
          students to give feedback \+ advocate
- Questions
    - Camila \- relationship with admin? how do you deal with issues?
        - Jackson
            - talked on this a little, important to really look at their
              perspective, see the gap between student and admin perspective,
              might not be able to get option everyone is happy with, but can
              maybe get one everyone is at least somewhat happy with, house
              chairs proposed buddy system for rooves, being able to think of
              alternate solutions, and being willing to compromise, getting
              student feedback
        - Haylea
            - a lot of it is being creative
            - has worked more with DSL
            - on HoH committee, done a lot with floor government \+ BC exec, not
              as much experience with general admin, has worked with other large
              groups, what they can do with their jobs, what we can do with what
              we’re advocating for
    - Ananda \- ranking of positions?
        - Geoffrey \- might run for Dining, nothing else
        - Daniel \- first choice
        - Haylea \- first choice
        - Jackson \- first choice

### Dining Chair

- Eugenie and Jackson
- Platforms
    - Eugenie
        - looking to continue what she’s done as UC rep, has done lots of dining
          stuff, talked with dining admin, wants to work with them, wants to
          have bigger role in DormCon, dining aligns
    - Jackson
        - haven’t done a lot of work with admin specifically on dining,
          experience negotiating on housing issues, will see things from their
          perspective, think of alternate solutions, reach compromises, will
          work well as co-chairs, since co-presidents of Simmons, on
          dining-specific point, will complement well on negotiations
- Questions
    - Gabriel \- How do you see dining halls and CFY communities co-existing?
        - Eugenie \- “don’t they already co-exist?”
    - How to divide attention?
        - important to reach out to people in CFY dorms about their needs, since
          both of them are in a dining dorm
        - even though CFY dorms don’t tend to have dining/kitchen chairs, will
          try to stay in touch with presidents
        - has wanted to bring unity between dining chairs, reps from dorms,
          surprised there wasn’t a committee that met regularly, something
          students care a lot about, would bring students closer to admin

### Treasurer

- Gabriel Gomez
- Platform
    - not that much of a platform, has experience within MacGregor’s house gov
      (VP), did lots of stuff for CPW+REX, and some stuff with their
      constitution, has worked a few times with financial systems, not that much
      treasurer experience, but willing to learn
- Questions
    - Leo \- financial experience?
        - some was approving RFPs, most was from MacGregor’s ski trip (Buy2Pay)
          \- \>$6000
    - Gabriel \- how to choose food for DormCon meetings?
        - will ask our opinions\!
    - Temkin \- merch?
        - not for treasurer to decide, “will support with the money part”

### Underclassman Rep

- Andrew
- Platform
    - is a 28, has been coming to some GBMs for a few weeks :), appreciates how
      much DormCon does behind the scenes to make lives better, or big changes,
      wants to be involved with it, has no experience in leadership, but could
      learn some things
- Questions
    - Geoffrey \- who brought you to first DormCon meeting and why?
        - ~~Eugenie for free food~~
        - has heard about the ongoings of student government, Eugenie rants a
          lot

### Tech Chair

- Camila
- Platform
    - Baker’s president and Baker’s webmaster, no more Google Sites this summer
    - is a 6-3\!\!
- Questions
    - Temkin \- favorite distro?
        - booted Chromebook in Ubuntu (??) and it broke it?

### Secretary

- no secretary no transparency \>.\<
- Paola
    - likes my notes :DDDD
    - WPM is 80-90 \- pretty good\!\! honestly mine is pretty bad\!\!

### JudComm

- Helena, Ananthb (mystery MacGregor resident)? Michaela
- Platforms
    - Generally thinks voting systems at MIT, esp at clubs and student govs, has
      suboptimal voting algorithms, prefers 2 party system, when people have to
      choose, votes can be wasted, have to use consistent voting algorithm, have
      to switch from one choice to ranked choice and combine every possible
      pairwise candidates
        - SO TRUE
        - this is the Condorcet method
    - Helena
        - was not prepared and can’t top that, relevant experience, was a Maseeh
          justice and helped amend constitution twice\!\!
    - Michaela
        - no platform, has been coming to DormCon since freshman fall, when
          wasn’t president, helped write New Vassar constitution O.O
- Questions
    - Jackson \- would be willing to continually/regularly look at Constitution
      and make sure it’s up-to-date
        - mystery phone person \- yes?
        - Helena \- has helped amend Maseeh’s constitution twice, way they were
          operating was unconstitutional (so true…), made constitution match
          most efficient way to operate, representing residents
        - Ananth (over the phone) \- amended how MacGregor’s voting system works
        - Michaela \- yes
    - Jordan \- opinion on DormCon outside constitutional minutia
        - Michaela \- DormCon does a lot of great work, especially dining
          chairs, have taken a lot of feedback, implemented what people are
          thinking, housing, etc.
        - Ananth \- only really familiar with CPW and REX and field day, given
          funding relative to UA and thinks DormCon does, thinks we’re more
          efficient than other student orgs, should investigate some of the UA’s
          procedures
        - Helena \- since being Maseeh president, has participated in DormCon
          meetings, not always the most vocal, but for topics she’s passionate
          about, tries to voice those things, and could do the same for JudComm,
          representing student body and not just personal views
