---
sidebar_label: April 24, 2025
---

# DormCon GBM 24 April 2025

Date: 24 April 2025  
Location: Burton-Conner

:::note

If you find any issues with the meeting minutes, please email
[dormcon-secretary@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-secretary@mit.edu)

:::

## TL;DR

- Elections next week\! Bring your friends/enemies/etc.
- **Exec updates**
    - i3 videos are getting reviewed
    - dorms should make sure to choose RACs at the end of the fall semester
      rather than the start of the spring semester
    - election posters have been made
    - feedback will go to Concord Market soon
    - another AD is getting hired
- **Field day**
    - Mixed feedback on whether this should get run \- events are cool, but
      people are super hosed
    - Maybe possible to run a more chill version? centered around tug-of-war?
    - Will decide post-meeting
- **Gyms**
    - HRS is going to replace a bunch of gym equipment for dorm gyms, and is
      working with a contractor
    - in general thereâ€™s a good bit of money going into this, though dorms will
      now need to go through HRS if they want to buy new stuff (theyâ€™ll have a
      specific vendor)
- **President Updates**
    - Baker ~~piano drop~~ drop on piano happened\!
    - Simmons is dealing with food-stealing issues :(
    - MacGregor is planning a ~~competing~~ field day

## Full minutes

- â€œThis is our last regular GBM that isnâ€™t elections. Anandaâ€™s sad. Iâ€™m not.â€ \-
  Jordan
- please bring people to elections ðŸ¥º
- if youâ€™re here and not already on DormCon execâ€¦ YOU COULD BE
    - bring colleaguesâ€¦ froshâ€¦ enemiesâ€¦ friendsâ€¦ frenemiesâ€¦ people you want to
      be friends to loversâ€¦

### Exec Updates

- Tech Chair
    - no updates\!
    - added minutes from last GBM (so true\!)
- i3 Chair
    - quite a few updates\! met with HRS today for 1st day reviewing videos
    - about half the videos were reviewed, other half requested an extension,
      due tomorrow at noon, the people who havenâ€™t submitted know who they are
      :((
        - all dorms have communicated
    - things to be aware of
        - no visible alcohol, bottles, cans, etc.
        - no prefrosh in the videos (privacy/permission issues)
            - it was ECâ€™s video that had the problem
            - upperclassmen donâ€™t submit waiversâ€¦ but prefrosh are more likely
              to be minors, etc.
            - probably ok to blur face
            - last year there was a prefrosh and no one noticed ðŸ¤·
        - donâ€™t want street signs to be visible
            - because theyâ€™ve likely been stolen from City of Cambridge
            - most of ECâ€™s street signs are ethically procured (Random too I
              think?)
            - only street signs in dorms, to be clear. Not ones that are
              actually in place as they should be on streets.
            - proof of purchase?
                - apparently yes?
        - posters shouldnâ€™t take up more than a certain amount of wall space
            - but they wonâ€™t take down the videos
            - HRS policy \- posters canâ€™t take up more than 40x40 inches (?)
            - itâ€™s because of fire code
        - question \- should double-decker couch be preemptively blurred out?
            - they had a problem last year
            - find out and see what they say
        - last year they didnâ€™t like someone â€œrolling around in a big tubeâ€ in
          MacGregorâ€™s video
    - videos were good and did a good job of representing dorms :)))
    - congrats from Ananda to Jackson on making Simmons video\!\!
    - indigenous living community in BC is getting a Guide to Residences page\!
        - can maybe also make an i3 video
- Housing
    - housing info also now on Guide to Residences\! rebranded as undergrad
      housing?
    - mitguidetoresidences.mit.edu (?)
    - RAC revamp/training is happening (?)
        - note for presidents \- RACs should get elected at the end of fall
          instead of beginning of spring
    - theyâ€™ll be sending a survey to RACs
        - â€œhowâ€™s the experience? are you stressed?â€
    - rooftops \>.\<
        - tap pads are being installed, no time restrictions yet, till they do
          more communication
        - Made recommendations on how to improve communication
    - student IDs will be printed\! yay\!\!
    - gyms
        - this is on the agenda
- Underclassmen Reps
    - poster\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\! itâ€™s beautiful.
    - we are gonna poster. the posters.
    - going to go print them. so true.
- JudComm
    - elections happening next week\!\! in 4-163, quorum is half or Â¾? weâ€™re ALL
      GONNA BE THERE.
    - electing 9 positions, we donâ€™t want it to run till 10pm \>.\< so JudComm
      will be sending a form out so candidates can answer commonly asked
      questions, which will hopefully speed things up for more
      specific/follow-up questions
    - will get access to form ahead of elections (2-3 days ahead) so people can
      read the responses
    - favorite color is important. will be on form.
    - Jackson \- if one is thinking of running for an office, but canâ€™t be there
      till a while into the meeting, can still run?
        - should send a proxy\!\! can talk to JudComm, mess with schedule,
          hasnâ€™t decided what to run for yet
- Treasurer
    - watching with CPW chairs to find the admissions moneyâ€¦ need to make sure
      theyâ€™ll get it
- Secretary
    - no updates
- Dining
    - met with Peter Cummings \- Executive Director \- yapped about Concord
      Market
        - aware of ExpensiveTM
        - putting them on dining plan not happening in short term, wonâ€™t be a
          rush decision, working group going on, will share perspectives
    - wants dining option on east side of campus for lunch (swipes should be
      accepted at Stata)
        - said if we figure out how to make it happen, he can retire lmao
    - in near future, wonâ€™t make all students be on meal plan
        - in next two years
        - mid future is 4-6
        - long term is more than 6 years
    - query from Ella \- Maseeh is no longer self-serve, so people get too much
      food, people are unhappy, theyâ€™re figuring it out
    - Concord Market has separate lease, Dining canâ€™t tell them what to do
        - Faith is on honeymoon, but talking to Elizabeth, coordinating efforts
          to talk to Concord Market and communicate student needs
        - committee idea from Ananda \- ConcordCommâ€¦
    - talked with new HoH, might be on another dining committeeâ€¦
    - MITIMCO, Concord Market, and Peter Cummings are all gonna meet and work it
      out ðŸ‘
    - if there are questions after the meeting \- let people know \- one last
      chance to shadow a meeting, people should run for dining chair\!\!\!
- Advisor
    - hiring another AD, one vacancy, going to be two
        - still unclear which building itâ€™s going to be for, lots of things up
          in the air, maybe chained moves, but â€œitâ€™s one of themâ€
            - Amanda is probably not leaving Simmons
- CPW
    - it has been done.
    - Now we have REX\!
    - please start figuring out REX chairs\!
        - in the next week or week and a halfâ€¦ will need to know.
        - theyâ€™ll coordinate early returns
        - are there any dorms who donâ€™t have REX chairs?
        - make sure mailing lists are up to date
    - query for CPW chairs \- any more news about REX timing
        - no? there was just the one sad meeting
        - â€œwe might have taken the Lâ€ \- Ananda
        - for next year \- based on Orientation timeline \- maybe if they go to
          Elizabeth Young immediately after this yearâ€™s Orientation, things can
          be changed for next year (advice from Tasha)
            - Tasha has been most successful out of anyone for fighting for REX
              time
- there are now 200 posters.
- President
    - no updates. meeting with Suzy got canceled. CPW happened. everyone is
      hosed.
    - did meet with Suzy et. al. the day after the last GBM
        - main thing talked about was communication, which needs to go through
          students and not HoH \=\> students
            - which they were â€œinterested in conceptuallyâ€
            - â€œslightly confused but interestedâ€
            - in regards to roof things, also some other issues
            - other things that might have been issues but werenâ€™t; they hadnâ€™t
              talked to students, there was something relevant just to one dorm

### Field Day

- seems like people are not interested or too hosed for field dayâ€¦
    - there have been eight responses (seven ahead of deadline)
    - not a lot of enthusiasm in terms of people attending?
- should it run or no?
    - â€œMacGregor residents had opinionsâ€
        - because MacGregor has its own field day \- theyâ€™re â€œfield-dayed-outâ€
        - no one else wanted to support this cause
        - making enemies in MacGregor
    - Random got â€œsurprisingly negative feedbackâ€ from Random exec chat
        - â€œwhy would they do this weâ€™re all hosedâ€
        - people are too hosed
        - Ella personally is pro-field-day, but here to represent constituentsâ€¦
        - it wasnâ€™t universally against
        - was it like against the ask? or against ALL FUN?
        - thereâ€™s 1 person who wants to run an event
        - some amount of â€œbad time of the year for a big eventâ€
    - EC \- everyone has been enthusiastic
        - not anti-it-happening
        - just a little confused about the concept
        - people heard field day and competition, thought thereâ€™d be tug-of-war
        - people were more enthusiastic about carnival \- donâ€™t want to fight
          frat guys
    - Baker
        - people were excited but suggested athletic events
        - something for everyone
    - McCormick
        - got â€œnot sportyâ€
    - BC
        - less enthusiasm than expected
        - one \- is anyone able to run/organize, and two \- would you attend
        - got a few people interested in running, second question \- maybe
          thirty percent of people said definitely too hosed, donâ€™t know what
          field day is, etc.
    - Random
        - people donâ€™t know what it entails, picturing middle school gym class
          :(
        - thereâ€™s food\! exciting\!
        - happy carnival/food vibes would get more positive reactions
    - Jordan
        - torn between â€œif you build it they will comeâ€ and not wanting to waste
          large amounts of money if people arenâ€™t going to come?
        - we want to run events and have people come and have communityâ€¦ itâ€™s
          just hard to know how to do that
        - people donâ€™t know what it is, and itâ€™s never happened before
    - Hanu
        - everything sounds crazy when you pitch at first (e.g., if you pitched
          water fight right now) \- and then maybe it would be exciting in
          future years
    - Jamie
        - stress that people donâ€™t have to be there the whole time
        - could pub more aggressively (iFair has been doing quite a lot of
          pubbing)
    - Decision needs to be made tonight
    - will discuss with Rishika later tonightâ€¦
    - maybe Just tug-of-war (?)
    - like Green Building Challenge Bad Ideas event
        - â€œItâ€™s not really _about winning_â€¦â€ \- Jordan  
          â€œItâ€™s about winning.â€ \- Rishika
    - Eugenie \- more solidity, maybe something smaller
        - tug-of-war with food\!
    - â€œwe build this around tug-of-warâ€
        - doesnâ€™t need to be a huge event
    - Entertainment License
    - â€œthis can be our spikeball eraâ€
- â€œmaybe the biggest issue here is just MacGregor being in our wayâ€
    - â€œDO IT AND SEE WHAT HAPPENS TO YOUR STOVESâ€ \- Jordan
- so general vague idea \- maybe field day but more chill?

### Gyms

- Temkin and Jordan had a meeting with Elise and Zach?
- some updates to share about gyms
- mostly good news
    - HRS has started looking at all of the gyms
    - and taking inventory of which ones are in good or bad condition
    - going to start replacing bad condition equipment
    - going to be lots of engagement with house execs on what equipment
    - Maseeh, Next, Random, and Simmons should get notifications soon
- bad news?
    - they have determined a Minimum Base Package
    - the minimum thing every dorm will get
        - two pieces of cardio equipment
        - cable machines, free weights, one or two benches, Smith machine or
          squat rack
            - Baker: ummâ€¦ actually ðŸ¤“ðŸ‘†
        - working with every dorm on layout
        - â€œevery dorm has to be accessible, _except Random_â€
            - needs to be safe, but it will â€œneverâ€ be ADA compliant
        - either $400k or $14k being immediately replaced (I canâ€™t hear)
    - all major items will have to go through HRS \- there will be a commercial
      vendor with a contractâ€¦ theyâ€™ll pay for it\!\!
- last thing \- gym chairs
    - most dorms have gym chairs? Maybe not New Vassar, and New Houseâ€™s is
      called something else?
    - some people maybe not answering emails :(
    - responsibilities may become slightly more defined
    - wants someone to check gyms once a week, and send update to HOM
    - accountability \+ safety
    - emails are maybe not going correctly to gym chairs? 1 gym chair on the
      working group, vs. all the gym chairs (?) \- and lots of grad
      representation?
    - â€œthey had a lot of numbersâ€
        - 341 pieces of equipment
            - 369 including Bakerâ€™s new gym and ECâ€™s future gym
            - 18% (??) of undergrad equipment needs replacing
    - doing a check-in in 6 months
    - either making a portal or QR codes for repair
    - training maybe for gym chairs? or workshops?
    - will hear more in six months\! ~~except in six months Iâ€™ll be gone\!\!\!~~

### President Updates

- EC
    - hired Associate HoH\!\!\!\!\! they got JoaquÃ­n Terrones
    - AD is going on leave (leaving tomorrow)
    - getting the BC person (Maddy)
        - â€œbut we need her\!â€ \- Rishika
    - assigning GRAs to floors\!
- BC
    - adding toptionality to Constitution on suite-by-suite basis
    - solicited feedback, waiting on feedback
    - changing constitution to add penalties for being mean during flex (like
      floors shit-talking other floors, etc.) \- not sure how to add penalties,
      or what they should be?
        - open to info from other dorms
    - B1 is having a party
    - lots of piano drama \- theyâ€™re all broken in some way
        - \*Baker rubs hands\*
        - thinking of buying one of Craigslist
        - they have a 150-year-old Steinway that would cost $100k to renovate
        - talk to Music Department?
    - doing an easter egg hunt
    - wants to do a water balloon fight with lacrosse sticks for launching (for
      field day?)
    - slip and slide denied for Bad Ideas weekend??
        - maybe because it was cold?
- Baker
    - PIANO DROP\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!
        - happened. given circumstances, and how far they had to fight to get it
          where it was, went better than anticipated, proud of piano drop chair
        - next year is their year
        - last year, started making a metal ramp, was 80% done, then Housing
          Manager said the design wouldnâ€™t fly, not safe, two weeks ago
        - had to super scramble last minute, removed harp from piano \- 10 hours
          in Metropolis \- used plasma cutter\!
    - had a dinner yesterday
    - middle of Baker week
- McCormick
    - very chill, karaoke and cake, HoH are hosting it, getting stuff for
      country kitchen, imposing system of locks so things donâ€™t go missing, will
      see how well it works
- New
    - got to cosplay as a Baker resident for piano drop
    - for New House \- having an exec meeting right after this \- will ask about
      field day again, see if people have opinions
    - GRAs getting hired? in theory?
    - AD is in and out \- Next House is covering
    - Wes is still head of house \- will continue to bring up \- for 23 years
    - had snow cones at CPW, had a polar bear at CPW
        - \*quieter\* â€œI was the polar bearâ€
    - some floors submitted i3 content, some want to reuse the ones from last
      year
- New Vassar
    - house team met with HRS to talk about changing room assignment system,
      they met with them, going to keep it the same
        - resolved now
    - AD is leaving \- going to MacGregor
- Random
    - have a few updates
    - CPW happened, poor CPW chair was very hosed, elected new chairs for REX,
      some CPW chairs are moving out, getting new ones
    - conducted evil power grab as exec, Random Hall is merging SocComm and
      exec-at-large to decrease \# of discrete positions, will hopefully
      increase how much SocComm does.
    - fixing laundry machines \- weâ€™ve been struggling, have had one (1)
      functioning laundry machine
        - using the UA moneyâ€¦ did already have budget, but we appreciate the
          extra budgetâ€¦
        - poor laundry chair is also the CPW chairâ€¦ poor soulâ€¦ also RAC
- Simmons
    - food stealing issue \>.\< \- at least one incident every month since
      October \- peopleâ€™s cakeâ€¦ riceâ€¦ curryâ€¦ various delicaciesâ€¦ people crack
      other peopleâ€™s bowlsâ€¦ thereâ€™s been moldâ€¦ people refuse to do dishesâ€¦
        - bad thingsâ€¦
        - donâ€™t want to do cameras (invasive of privacy)
        - one kitchen put up flyers that there are cameras, but there arenâ€™t
          actually cameras
        - maybe going to talk to house team?
    - roofs
        - have scheduled meeting for people with interest to discuss more
        - â€œitâ€™s brought people together because now they rantâ€
    - CPW chairs are awesome\!\!
        - 24-hour Avatar marathon
- MacGregor
    - planning field day
        - â€œis this open to everyone?â€ \- Eugenie  
          â€œuhhhhhhhhhhhhh \- no.â€ \- Gabriel

last typical GBM\!\!\!
