---
sidebar_label: November 6, 2025
---

# Dormcon GBM 11/6 Meeting Minutes

## Elections

1. I3 chair
    1. Shelly (shellyy), EC, 2029
    2. Did a lot of things, proxy made a great speech
    3. Elected unanimously\!
2. Underclassmen rep
    1. Ericcson (ericsson), Chocolate City, 2029
    2. Proxy also did a great job
    3. Elected \>:D
3. CPW/REX
    1. Gabe (gabgomez), MacG, 2027
        1. Running again
        2. Elected unanimously
    2. 2nd CPW/REX chair punted to next GBM (since this one is during the 8.01
       exam rip)

## Exec Updates

1. JucComm
    1. Elections happened\!
    2. Funding changes in the works, categories would be:
        1. Individual dorm events
        2. Inter-dorm events
        3. Resident events
        4. Non-event funding
2. Treasurer:
    1. No big updates, sending out dormspam about grab & go and dates
3. Housing
    1. Gym committee is convening, chairs should have received when2meet, please
       fill it out
    2. NOMS with Helen on Thursday, norms of MIT solitude
    3. RCL meeting discussing the concept of how it might be good for different
       dorm govs to talk to each other, Helen suggested a retreat, or an event
       once a semester where the full set of dorm gov can talk to other
       governments about ideas.
        1. Q. Could DSL fund an endicott retreat?
            1. In the past have had chats for all of the CPW chairs, etc etc.
            2.
    4. Once a semester (for dorm-wide gov retreat) with communication in between
       might be best
    5. Workshop? Or just a forum for people to talk to each other, or a mixer?
4. Treasurer
    1. Funding request for HispaniFAC @EC: link is in the updates
        1. Covers the food costs for the event
        2. How many people showed up? Usually a lot of people, food ran out
           pretty quick last year
5. P/VP
    1. Funding is happening, will have 12k/semester
        1. Guidelines will be updated soon
        2. Piano repair discussion/alumni networking?
    2. Orientation/REX
    3. Apple picking pictures
    4. Peter Cummings and Andrew Mankus will be at next dormcon meeting

## President Updates

1. New House
    1. HoH is trying to do Thanksgiving and getting a turkey
        1. Potluck?
    2. Scheduling a formal in the spring
    3. Meet the exec
    4. Laundry
        1. Want to hop into the pilot
        2. New, Next also interested in free laundry
2. New Vassar
    1. Did tailgate with Baker\!
        1. Football, field hockey, soccer
        2. Make banger posters
    2. Starting a tutoring program, paying upperclassmen
    3. Guava is home\!
3. Simmons
    1. No updated on terrace
    2. Artwork policy
        1. HRS wants changes to policy, including restricting locations
    3. Small scale events happening, smores event
4. EC
    1. Many events, all went well
    2. OSCCS stuff is better. Still lingering tho
    3. Floors getting fined. Some is getting paid by floor, other by volunteer
       hours, others getting spread to residents :/
5. Next
    1. Choco house monday\! It was good
    2. Next Haunt wrapped up, good success. Running til 2am like every night,
       many hours and deserves to be recognized
    3. Bike auction in progress of being prepared for, getting bikes tomorrow
       and will be moving them. Will be happening before Thanksgiving
        1. If dorms want to give Next some bikes, go for it ðŸ‘€:D
        2. Having a student run bike auction would be good compared to MIT PD
6. Baker
    1. Free laundry meeting, went well
        1. Waiting to get cost
    2. Alumni dinner happening on the 18th
    3. Thinking of doing a thanksgiving thing for residents. Will be chill and
       lowkey
7. BC
    1. Internal dorm events, coordinators are locked tf in
    2. Foodball tournament, muralling event, and more\!
    3. Formalizing norms in constitution and bylaws for FLEX
    4. Renamed RACs to RATs
    5. Started getting approval for makerspace items
    6. Request from GRA to buy secondhand gym equipment
    7. Campus-wide party, tea party coming up Nov 22nd\!
    8. Started restricting access to music room, residents have to fill out a
       form because it got trashed :(
    9. Trying to encourage gym etiquette
        1. Apparently music so loud that ppl with noise cancelling headphone can
           hear it over their music?
        2. Throwing equipment
        3. Non-BC residents will try to bound on glass to get into gym????
        4. Ideas
            1. Threaten to revoke gym access
            2. Tell ADs who will then tell GRAs?
            3. Calling them out
            4. Have gym chair check regularly
            5. Make the gym glass frosted
8. Random
    1. Held elections
        1. Have an i3 chair, facilities chair (new\!)
        2. Frosh are very excited for gov stuff
    2. Roofdeck meeting
        1. Very set on buddy system
        2. Unlikely to push hours past 2am
        3. Asking to get data pulled from tap pads on when ppl are using the
           roofs
        4. HRS seems set on what they want, donâ€™t foresee getting it change
9. MacGregor
    1. Made it through Octoberâ€¦ ðŸ« 
    2. Halloween trick or treating event
    3. Some sort of thanksgiving event
    4. MacGrager in the spring
10. McCormick
    1. Trick or treating, halloween party
    2. Thanksgiving dinner for folks that donâ€™t travel home
    3. Rooftop access installations underway
    4. McCormick renovation meeting with HRS
11. Maseeh
    1. Prez had to leave before updates :(
