---
sidebar_label: October 23, 2025
---

# Dormcon GBM 10/23 Meeting Minutes

- Anna’s Taqueria

## Exec Updates

1. Judcomm
   1. made posters for elections
      1. i3 chair, cpw chair,
   2. made form for intent to run, can people take a look
2. Housing
   1. meeting with HRS
      1. switch lottery just closed
      2. increasing issue with people not filling out forms for cancellations
         1. some people apparently game the system (cheaper to stay for a bit longer and dip on dorm) which causes issues for assigning people to dorms
         2. EC issue with people having approved gap years/graduating early but not cancelling housing
         3. might also be result of people not wanting to cancel until absolutely sure
         4. might try to increase fines for cancelling late / not declaring cancellation
      3. gym chair meetings still ongoing
         1. want to talk to all the dorms about the gym overhaul process
      4. McCormick meeting
         1. need to create space for residents with reno going through
3. Advisors
   1. nothin
   2. Guava won
4. Dining
   1. no updates
   2. nvm, Grab and Go expanded so all dorms can go to pick up a lunch during breakfast
      1. encourage everyone to go try it out
5. Tech
   1. nothin
6. Underclassmen
   1. refined survey based on comments
      1. want to raffle TechCash
7. P/VP
   1. laundry pilot
      1. Baker attempting to join laundry pilot, meeting with HRS
      2. HRS concerned about vendor, so want to wait before adding other dorms
      3. also waiting for results of first month for Simmons
      4. will vote soonish, in the future, eventually or maybe just start discussing to add laundry cost to rent (current rent locked in until 2029\)
      5. apparently also thinking of buying out laundry machines and nixing CSCGo
      6. also thinking of distributing laundry money like the print allowance (set amount at start of year)
   2. dining
      1. stakeholder yaps and facilities surveys
      2. apparently students here are overly reliant on free food
         1. but counterargument, it’s not about reliance but availability
         2. anyway, proposal to discount Stud vendors by $2 on Mondays
      3. need another undergrad for dining committee thing
         1. looking for tall, tan, ‘28/’27 EC resident who likes long walks on the beach and not EC
   3. they also want to attend GBM
   4. might change DC funding guidelines soon, have to look at it
   5. tell first-years to go to PEA (campus wide RPM basically) event
      1. fall event, October 30 7:30pm
      2. DC has a booth
8. Funding Request
   1. joint New Vassar / Baker tailgate
      1. [\[Fall 2025\] Women's Soccer Tailgate Funding Request](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1N347aHBA1xvuR2UbTH3CBQJ9HORY1h0HIDDyG7yKA54/edit?usp=sharing)
      2. $175 to buy Dunkin and other stuff
      3. to support women’s soccer team
      4. from $2000 budget for inter-dorm events
      5. unanimous pass

## President Updates

1. McCormick
   1. begun construction on roof terrace tap access
   2. renovation
      1. talking to HRS about how people will get distributed next year
   3. having Halloween party
2. New Vassar
   1. events
3. Maseeh
   1. quiet
   2. like the new AD
   3. Maseehcre this weekend
   4. formal in the works
   5. new gym stuff moved in
4. BC
   1. formal in December
   2. internal dorm events
   3. looking to buy new makerspace items
   4. ABC happened
   5. tea party going to happen
5. Random
   1. have not had terrace conversation
   2. a dryer was briefly out of commish
   3. new squat rack too tall for gym so
      1. installing cage over sprinkler head to make it work
6. Next
   1. gym renovated
      1. not the vibe
      2. mostly ok, but pull-up bar is not liked
   2. Next Haunt starting tomorrow
7. Simmons
   1. elevators breaking down
   2. trying to organize Simmons student/faculty event
   3. no real updates on terrace
      1. Helen Wang was very opposed to 2am hours
      2. “I do not want students out on the terrace at 2am” or “students out on the terrace at 2am scares me” or something
      3. but trying to argue for 1am
   4. trying to talk with HoHs about chalk policy before following up with HRS
   5. got new gym equipment
      1. some sadness bc some beloved gym equipment was taken away
      2. looking to buy some from vendors
      3. apparently there’s an approved vendor for gym equipment, bc HRS doesn’t want dorms buying equipment from Amazon
   6. Bosco looking for telephone box
   7. but other than that, nothing
8. EC
   1. because of previous incidents, most halls have some fines charged
      1. halls do not want to pay them
      2. to pay it off, they’re able to volunteer for EC community (at events and such)
   2. another incident
      1. people are not able to dim lights, and brightness was bothersome / causing migraines
      2. so some people found alternative solutions
      3. was an issue, but got a warning, no fine this time
      4. HRS will look into adjusting light levels in halls
   3. a lot of halls have had social bans, but they have been lifted
   4. EC exec having meetings with Helen, David, etc etc
   5. and re-opening committee having meetings with HRS until end of semester
      1. so now is the time to suggest policy changes to HRS
      2. like roaming cat policy
   6. come to pumpkin drop
   7. Fred Fest went well
9. New House
   1. new social chair coming
   2. also merch chair
10. MacGregor
    1. halloween event
    2. redesigning internal move process
    3. new makerspace stuff
11. Baker
    1. UA study break happening at Baker rn
    2. trying to get in laundry pilot
    3. piano drop WILL happen
    4. want more rooftop events
