---
sidebar_label: October 9, 2025
---

# Dormcon GBM 10/9 Meeting Minutes

## Exec Updates

1. fire drill
2. 7:25
3. Housing
   1. had meetings with HRS and RCL about walkthroughs
      1. some have happened already
      2. want feedback about how it went in the dorms
   2. Helen excited to restart NOMS
   3. clarification on flag policy
      1. not interested in enforcing strict, blanket, no tolerance flag policy
      2. mostly looking for broadly offensive content
      3. use judgment
4. Judcomm
   1. Temkin reached out to GSC about undergrad rep
      1. they said no
5. i3 Chair
   1. sent out a form asking for feedback about i3 deadlines
      1. no real pushback from dorms, 3 responded
      2. Monday March 16 for preliminary
      3. Monday April 6 for final
6. Dining
   1. dining roadmap survey closing today
   2. please fill out the survey
   3. met with Amanda, dining communications, and talked about standing dining survey
      1. wasn’t getting notifications, helped fix that
      2. helped change flyer
   4. scheduled Concord Market meeting for October 21st
      1. decided would have semesterly meeting for feedback and updates
7. Undergrad
   1. no updates
   2. reposted gbm
   3. if you have something you want posted, you know where to send it
   4. cooking up a survey
8. Treasurer
   1. in process of writing report for admin
   2. presidents should expect form about budget cuts and expenses
9. P/VP
   1. Simmons free laundry pilot has started
      1. building being charged $3.62 per resident per month for free laundry for everyone
      2. CSC Go open to other dorms launching pilots,
      3. fee will get added into rent
      4. will be something to talk to HRS about, but won’t go into effect until FA27 because rents already been decided until then
   2. Suzy worried about rooftops discussions
      1. what is The Vibe
      2. want to see the emotional state of presidents involved in discussions
      3. if anyone is having rooftop thoughts, let P/VP know
   3. is McCormick going to close
      1. don’t know
      2. will get back to us by December
   4. SGFC
      1. deciding how funding for DC will work
      2. reserves are being weighed in funding decisions
         1. if you have reserves 2x what you’re requesting, then funding request is less likely to get approved / as much as requested
      3. DC will get allocated funds separately to distribute to dorms
         1. why we need to write up financial report, to judge how much money DC should get
         2. presidents should let DC about all potential expenses (re: Gabriel’s form)
         3. will not impact club funding
         4. DC can be replacement for LEF instead of SGFC
      4. post-rex reports sent out
         1. ask first-years to respond
         2. housing \- should be talking about new REX schedules with REX chairs and Tasha, but REX chairs will get re-elected soon anyway. so we should get that going post-elections with new chairs
         3. DC will get results
      5. apple-picking [Apple Picking Logistics 2025\!](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1zVsbFaYeBDepZYblYolcnJFjCNoV4s1XU-QJC5YvdDs/edit?usp=sharing)
         1. thanks for submitting totals \- needed for buying bushel bags
         2. will need to pick point people as well \- sheet
         3. fill in attendees on sheet to take day-of attendance
         4. more info will be sent closer to day (where to meet, etc)
         5. waivers will be sent out that attendees need to sign \- DC will also bring some in case
         6. note: try to make sure people check in on campus and at orchard at the same bus
         7. will be 8-10 buses
      6. funding request [\[Fall 2025\] "Maseeh"cre Funding Request](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FskiCwpD_Mk590_sqfRCUJ4p-X7wzWgsqoV3oDcuGBk/edit?usp=sharing)
         1. Budget: [(PUBLIC) \[DormCon\] 2025-2026 Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UPuOOGkemUujGznduOHi4RSK1Wza2Hxgu3fIhYua50Q/)
         2. vampire-themed, murder mystery
         3. either Tues Oct 28 or Mon Nov 2
         4. in the past, only open to Maseeh so used Maseeh funds; but now is open for all campus, so requesting DC funds (need to buy new supplies since has been out of commission for a while)
         5. Helena trying to revive old event
         6. if there is more interest than expected, might do a lottery
         7. passed unanimously\!
      7. FredFest, Oct. 17th
         1. take a flyer
      8. GSU open letter about compact
         1. does DormCon want to sign
         2. if so, is DormCon signing as DC Exec or representing all dorms
            1. might be better as just DCExec because there hasn’t been enough time to discuss with whole dorms
   5. Advisor updates
      1. vote for Connor’s dog’s name: https://forms.gle/y6Z85frEE1TudqEF7

## Dorm Prez Updates

* New House
  * 50th anniversary\!
    * Went well with alumni
    * Paola made a cake in the shape of New House\!\!\!\!\!
    * Now knows who to call to get money, moolah, cash for storage…
  * Walkthroughs
    * Not many issues, yayy
  * Thinking about a formal in the spring
    * If anyone is interested in partnering let New know…
* BC
  * excited about Apple Picking
    * and Apple Bake
  * ABC also Oct 18
    * pull up
  * planning formal for November/December
  * sent out FLEX survey
    * hard to get responses
    * but people didn’t mind having events later in the day
* New Vassar
  * will probably apply for inter-dorm funding for tailgate with Baker
* Simmons
  * no big news
  * terrace meeting
    * floated times for tap access to start (1-2am)
    * suggestions for alternatives to buddy system
      * lasers (as mentioned at Suzy meeting)
      * “so creative”
    * likely resolution is buddy system with 1am start time
  * chalk policy meeting at 8am
  * planning Simmons faculty dinner
* Maseeh
  * formal scheduled for end of November
  * Maseeh-cre
  * gym getting renovated
* Next
  * just had gym renovated
  * starting Next Bake
  * holding bike auction \- will likely happen mid-November
  * AD will be out for next month or so, Amanda covering
* MacGregor
  * AD taking people to Salem this weekend through RPMs
    * 10$ commuter rail
  * bake after apple-picking
  * house team doing a fall fest
    * no petting zoo :(
  * had a lot of fire alarms
    * but not because of residents; faulty fire alarms?
* Random
  * had a walkthrough, was fine
  * holding vote on whether to sign open letter as a dorm
  * gym equipment
  * 2 fire alarms today
    * one was a drill
  * but washing machines still work
    * gotta look on the bright side
* McCormick
  * had terrace meeting
    * hoping to put tap readers next week
    * issues with sliding doors and windows, will have some solution for locking them at night through security
    * timeline for all of this to be running by Spring
    * will survey residents again about Rooftop Thoughts
    * talked about buddy system
    * some people worried about surveillance on roofs now
  * had listen party for TS album
  * 8.01 boba
