---
sidebar_label: September 25, 2025
---

# Dormcon GBM 9/25 Meeting Minutes

## Exec Updates

### P/VP (Temkin/Farin)

* Contact: [dormcon-execest@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-execest@mit.edu)
* Apple Picking coming up, dates in the group chat so get HYPED
* Dining consultants meetings today
  * Hour long meetings, they seem nice and care about MIT culture (a win\!)
  * PLEASE fill out dining form
* Post-Rex Survey, can’t ask about orientation?
  * Cc’ing Elizabeth Young\!\!
  * Can’t ask first years why they aren’t going to orientation events
  * Potentially they are running their own survey, will have to beg for data
  * Tell frosh to fill them out\!\!\!
  * Now would be the time to discuss changing blackout times (no hurt in emailing to ask
* We are HOSED (me too, help)

### Treasurer (Gabriel)

* Contact: [dormcon-treasurer@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-treasurer@mit.edu)
* Two funding requests:
  * ABC
  * Pumpkin Drop
* House tax will be coming up soon

### Secretary (~~Paola~~ Camila\!)

* Contact: [dormcon-secretary@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-secretary@mit.edu)
* \[updates\]

### CPW/REX (Gabriel)

* Contact: [dormcon-cpw-chairs@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-cpw-chairs@mit.edu)
* Dorms have not received the $1500, but told us they were working on it

### Housing (Haylea/Daniel)

* Contact: [dormcon-housing-chair@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-housing-chair@mit.edu)
* Fire Day WILL happened next year (maybe)
  * If it did, would be next fall
  * Official reason, fire trailer isn’t available on the date
  * “No possibility of this happening this year, you should loop in underclassmen for continuity though”
* AD/Housing Managers will be doing walk-throughs of dorms \[PSA\]
  * Mainly looking for:
    * Flags
    * Specific flags
    * Fire code violations
    * Holes in the wall from nails, etc
  * ‘Allegedly already informed’, concerned about mailing list issues
  * Presidents: talk to AD/HMs, potentially notify residents
    * EC: AD emailed out to halls, maybe didn’t get the point across because of sheer volume of emails from AD
  * Students have already been notified officially, no reason to not tell them again, ADs *will* be sending out emails
* Meeting with RCL tomorrow to get more sense of what they’re looking for, and what exceptions exist (policies before have been very am

### Judcomm (Helena/Michaela)

* Contact: [dormcon-judcomm-chair@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-judcomm-chair@mit.edu)
* We’re going to have elections at the November 6th GBM at Next House
* Positions: UC Rep, i3 Chair, 2xCPW/REX

### Underclassmen Rep (Jamie)

* Contact: [dormcon-uc-rep@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-uc-rep@mit.edu)
* Went to Dining meeting

### Dining (Eugenie/Jackson)

* Contact: [dormcon-dining-chair@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-dining-chair@mit.edu)
* Had meeting with new (other one) Andrew
  * Meetings changed to every other week
  * Want to focus more on a couple specific projects as opposed to broad feedback, e.i. Dining survey
* Please tell residents to fill out dining survey, will be very important for //exciting// things to come
* Trying to schedule another meeting with Concord

### i3/RAC ()

* Contact: [dormcon-i3-rac-chair@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-i3-rac-chair@mit.edu)
* \[updates\]

### Tech (Camila)

* Contact: [dormcon-tech-chair@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-tech-chair@mit.edu)
* No updates

### Advisor (Conor)

* Contact: [dormcon-advisor@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-advisor@mit.edu)
* Have already talked about walkthroughs, so no major updates

\[Cue playing Star Wars music\]

## Funding Requests\!\!

### ABC

* Anything but clothes, BC Porter, open to all MIT students
* Making their own outfit from anything but fabric (cups, tape, etc.)
* Party has been run for 10+ years, requesting $1000 in funding.
* More than requested in past, new funding system (no LEF, sad)
* Usually get $1500, only got $50 from SGFC
* BC requested $800 from DC last year
* On 9/18

PASSED

### Pumpkin Drop

* Run for many decades, originated on Stickman
* Drop 100+ pumpkins from Tang Hall
* Requesting $2000 because also nuked from LEF
* Asking for more money this year (DeFlores got mad at them last year for asking for too much money)
* EC also funding FredFest, joined with reopening, will be getting HRS funding for that, don’t know specifics yet

PASSED

### Gabriel

* Getting pretty close to budgeting for dorm specific events, so recommend not approving any more until we get something in writing from RCL
* Do NOT have infinite money yet (NEED something in writing)
* We have approved a majority of the historical events funding already, so should be okay generally but still good to be cautious
* Historically, final ones are C2 and B1, don’t need money and B1 is not happening this year, so perchance will not need to worry about that
* **Errmmmm** do we need this in writing?

Anyways\!

## President Updates

\[Side bar\] No dorm urgently needs REX meal money yet.

### Macgregor (Daniel)

* Sent out some paperwork for legally-not Makerspace to EHS

### EC (Josh)

* Things have calmed down a bit, trying to keep a low profile
* Still not in a good place with HRS but appreciate the effort
* Trying to create policy
* Issue with ceiling panels being painted a few days ago

### BC (Rishika)

* Budget, ordering supplies for makerspace, gym, and other spaces
* B3, C1, C2 (?)
* Hoping to stay under the radar enough so BC doesn’t turn into EC
* As long as HM continues to not care, should be chill, trying to sus out violations
* \[Temkin\] David saw Skateboard

### Baker (Pauline)

* Baker’s doing great\!\!\!
* Baker House, Baker Home
* Baker.EXE went well
* New elections, first few meetings went well

### Simmons (Eugenie)

* Meeting with HRS went well
* Associate Head of House (Bryan) strongly opinionated on terraces being open (makes sense, lives next to terrace)
* Talks about different possible solutions, will touch base again later and see how things work out
* Want to change the hours from 12-6 to 2-6 or something (clarification, am not pm)
* Someone suggested cameras, will ask Simmons residents how they feel about that
* Generally want less cameras in doors
* LASERS?\!?\!
* \[Insert diverting conversation about Mission-Impossible levels of avoiding lasers\]
* HRS pro laser?
* Quiet hours and freshmen being loud, pretty standard

### Random (Henry)

* No laser-related updates (unfortunate)
* Added facilities chair position to government, will be elected soon/eventually

### New Vassar (Michaela)

* Had elections\!\!\!

### Maseeh (Helena)

* Things going well, approved budget
* Planning Maseeh formal
* Trying to turn desk into a checkout system
* Figgis: Is this through starrez?
* Rishika: Leave something you care about behind at desk, usually an id card.
* Works fairly well, except for carts (stack of ids of cart-thieves)
* Potential Maseeh fine for breaking or stealing

### McCormick (Noura/Sandra)

* House gov retreat, gave everyone their money
* Terraces are happening
* Windows in penthouses don’t slide they way that they used to?
* Couple study breaks, house meetings, things in McCormick generally pretty chill
* Trying to schedule with HRS, will update sometime in the next three weeks

Thanks everyone for coming\!\!\!x
