---
sidebar_label: December 4, 2025
---

# Dormcon GBM 12/4 Meeting Minutes

## Exec Updates

1. Housing
   1. RCL meeting
      1. talked about having RCL resource guide flow chart with FAQs
      2. going to send out dormspam to get questions to send to RCL
      3. talked about first year GRA meeting to get some of these FAQs answered at the beginning
      4. also how to get help from house team with interpersonal issues
2. CPW/REX
   1. got elected
   2. emailed out about dorms needing new chairs by Dec 31st
3. Dining
   1. sent breakfast soup survey
      1. people won techcash
   2. had a dining meeting last week
      1. talked about breakfast soups
      2. pilot in december
      3. iap meal plan \- dining hall is now new vassar but athletes only get 8 swipes a week
      4. talked about food mislabelling
   3. will have a dining meeting next week
   4. apparently Concord sold something moldy
      1. the students got an apology and compensation
   5. 2  other pilots for sometime next semester
      1. pop up restaurants in building 4 (where the vending machines are) with $10 combos that you can use dining dollars at
      2. meal exchange pilot, at places (ex. Stata) and you can exchange swipe for a specific combo of food
         1. wouldn’t be able to use value of swipe, but get pre-selected meal
         2. want to test if Stata can handle the capacity and using meal swipes
   6. winter break bridge plan has sent out form
      1. upped amount to $30
   7. Peter Cummings
      1. said he was talking to IFC and Panhel about dining
   8. is It still on the table
4. Secretary
   1. please update me as dorm presidents are elected
5. Underclassmen Rep
   1. the 29s did not get aquarium trip
      1. did not think Silent Disco was very engaging and thinks first years should do something else next year
      2. wants to plan event for 2030s where they get a Charlie Card and “find their way” to the Harvard Arboretum
      3. still in the beginning stages
      4. also can still have space that Silent Disco was in and do something else instead
   2. Andrew shuttle update
      1. going to add static times to passiogo so there is an idea of the schedule
      2. a lot of concerns with passiogo is people don’t know how to use it
      3. pilot of Saturday tech shuttle / Boston daytime service and are going to keep it
         1. but not enough money for a Sunday service
      4. approached by Longwood shuttle, but don’t have enough money to join M2 program
         1. there is a discount though
      5. Boston daytime route has built in problems that can’t be fixed
         1. cannot go east of Mass Ave bc of neighborhood committees
      6. there is a phantom stop somewhere in Boston
         1. request-only stop that isn’t where the app says it is
6. Judcomm
   1. nothing
7. Techchair
   1. cranberry sauce
8. P/VP
   1. REX
      1. uploaded results to a folder
      2. people seemed to like REX
      3. seemed like many firstyear squatters did so out of apathy so want to address that
      4. will be discussed
   2. funding request
      1. EC garden in Talbot lounge
         1. setting up garden in EC with sustainable garden (lights, watering), in support of MIT Farm
         2. received $400 from EC for setting up, want $200 from DC specifically for kickoff event
         3. [\[Fall 2025\] EC Garden Kickoff Funding Request](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g9jbwP1xtSMA9_3fPDOteP0MneUX6D1ebrr3uYSajvQ/edit?tab=t.0)
         4. [(PUBLIC) \[DormCon\] 2025-2026 Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UPuOOGkemUujGznduOHi4RSK1Wza2Hxgu3fIhYua50Q/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
   3. will be getting 12k from DSL to fund events
      1. coming from Event Spaces fund
   4. DC paying for Apple Picking next year\!\!\! confetti

## President Updates

1. Simmons
   1. chalking/painting being discussed with head of house / HRS
      1. inside room chalking is contentious
   2. had elections, all uncontested
2. EC
   1. social events
   2. had contested elections
3. New House
   1. had Thanksgiving
4. New Vassar
   1. elections ongoing
   2. study breaks for finals
5. Baker
   1. good social events
      1. ice skating
   2. Great Baker Dining Thanksgiving
   3. and Camila did Thanksgiving on Thanksgiving
6. BC
   1. elections ongoing
      1. very contested
   2. BC formal this weekend
   3. Head of House and GRA run Thanksgiving
7. Random
   1. elections ongoing
8. McCormick
   1. had meeting about renovations
      1. HRS unclear about things, so people are unsettled
      2. other dorms shared what they could do to accommodate Mcc residents, but info hasnt been shared with McCormick
      3. want to make a gc with all dorm RACs and Mcc exec
   2. elections coming up
      1. lots of co-chairs
   3. Next
      1. Thanksgiving dinner
      2. elections
         1. nominations were due tonight and voting tomorrow
         2. treasurer-less
9. Advisor
   1. ricotta pie

Last GBM of the semester\!\! bye everyone
