---
sidebar_label: September 11, 2025
---

# Dormcon GBM 9/11 Meeting Minutes

## Exec Updates

- Housing Updates
    - scheduling meetings, fill out google form with internal rooming process
    - HRS want RACs elected before IAP to start training
    - fire safety training
    - i3 deadline pushed earlier
- Dining Updates
    - met with Concord Market, high prices in spring partly due to staffing
      issues
        - going to adjust prices and selection, looking for feedback
        - under $10 meal options
    - shuttle schedule changed \- Wednesday removed, new schedule
        - Market Basket and Star Market route added
- i3 Updates
    - for i3, DC i3 chair election happening sooner
    - revised i3 deadlines
    - submitted by Apr
    - videos published April 10th (before CPW)
- Treasurer Updates
    - funding request
    - new budget in sheet
    - SGFC
- REX
    - thanks everyone
    - feedback form should have gone out, dorm REX chairs should fill out
- Pres Updates
    - DormCon should be able to fund events
    - post REX survey
    - met with dining person, people should have received 25 for 25
    - grad student council and housing affairs, spoken with
    - SFS board looking for new student rep
- Undergrad Updates
    - Instagram posts
- Judcomm Updates
    - dealing with election changes
- Advisors

## Intros

- Temkin he/him- president, 26, EC
- Farin she/her- VP, 26, Mccormick
- Daniel he/him- housing chair
- Haylea they/them \- housing chair
- Andrew he/they \- undergrad rep
- Eugenie she/her \- dining chair
- Jackson he/him \- dining chair, i3 chair
- Jaime she/her \- undergrad rep
- Gabriel he/him \- treasurer, CPW/REX
- Camila she/her \- tech chair
- Helena she/her \- Judcomm
- Michaela she/her \- Judcomm
- Paola she/her \- secretary
- Amanda she/her \- advisor, AD in Simmons
- Connor they/them \- advisor AD in New Vassar

## GBM Agenda 9/11/2025

- Next Haunt funding request
    - build a haunted house/escape room, open to whole MIT community
    - asking for $1800 mostly for building materials, paint, flame retardant
    - [Next Haunt Budget 2025](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1uMqSqL_hM94-0eYVByAxeMiE-Lm95WZWeXulmhrF1Bw/edit?usp=sharing)
    - increase from last year ($1750)
    - vote passed unopposed
- REX/Orientation \+ Rooming discussion
    - Post-REX Survey review
        - should be submitted by tomorrow
        - sent to 1-years when, unknown
    - Simmons RAC \- internal rooming takes forever, done by hand
        - way more squatters than other years (\~70)(62%)
        - only 4 women to place (so left with partial doubles and triples of
          squatters)
    - AD involvement in internal room process \+ squat communication
        - cannot say students can’t squat
- Laundry Pilot in Simmons \+ future
    - going to start a free laundry initiative to see how it impacts water bills
    - going to see if other dorms want to try free laundry (include laundry in
      rent)
    - for Simmons, would be \~$3 increase per resident
    - dorms would have to fund pilot (for Simmons, $11k), and won’t get
      profit-share
- UG in grad housing representation
    - some UG things:
        - not allowed to have RACs, or resident rosters
        - they have GRAs, Tang now has an undergrad lounge
    - UGs involved in grad house exec, have been involved
    - opening a spot for UG in Grad Housing Rep
        - general approval for the idea
- Hopes and dreams (eg. what top-of-mind topics for the year)

## Dorm Pres Updates \+ Hopes and Dreams

### Simmons

- Jackson \- Simmons
    - more dorm events
- Eugenie \- Simmons
    - no more food spilled
- food missing is less of an issue
- summer programs were misbehaved at Simmons, broke many things
- fines for room damage (lots of symbol problems, chalkboards, paint/chalk
  walls)
    - never heard of fines or problems over chalk
    - paint had to be approved by Bosco (HM)
    - so this is new
    - command strips have to be taken down
- terrace meeting with HRS soon

### BC

- Rishika \- BC
    - more activities between floors
    - excited for makerspace to open again
- new machines for makerspace
- successful flex (90% in top 3 choice, 70% in top 1\)
- B2 raised concern with apple picking on Saturday bc no chairs can go
    - used to be Tuesday off, but it’s a school day for kids, so it’s hard to
      get buses
    - also people want to lock in
    - could survey about Sunday instead
    - BC head of house sent an email that there was a day picked, but there
      isn’t…
    - oh tentative date was sent to them, Oct 18th
    - fire day good
    - hopeful for more murals…

### MacGregor

- Gabriel \- MacGregor VP
    - inter-entry stuff, and host 1 event that is open for other dorms
- 30% opted out of rooming process
- lot of vacancies
- high FYRE out rate? according to The Tech

### Baker

- Camila \- Baker
    - more inter-dorm events (NV sports tailgate, penguin war)
- tentative apple picking weekend is Head of the Charles, plus swim meets and
  other sports stuff
- internal rooming finished in 1-2 hours, mostly deal with FYREs

### Random

- Henry \- Random
    - hopes laundry machines continue to work for all semester (and maybe next)
    - and get to use roofdeck
- 1 working laundry machine for whole last semester, now 3 are back
- roofdeck conversation
- establishing facilities chair position on exec

### New Vassar

- Michaela \- New Vassar
    - get people involved to come to events, and Baker plans
- quick rooming process
- social events

### Maseeh

- Helena \- Maseeh
    - quest to reignite Maseeh culture
- Maseeh-cre (murder mystery dinner party)
- historic pool table in basement \-\> tournament and winning floor gets the
  table
- new assistant dean transitioned into the building
- elections for floor reps

### McCormick

- McCormick Prez
    - hope not to close down, freshmen involvement
- rooming was easy
- residents are asking about decorating spaces
- new AD

### New House

- Paola \- New House
    - inter-house events, and inter-dorm events
- about \~50% squat
- internal events guidelines
- 50th anniversary event Sept 20th

### EC

- Chris \- EC treasurer
    - hopes EC doesn’t have more troubles
- pumpkin drop and Fredfest happening
- rooming took a while, want to make changes for next year
- higher squats than usual, but not as many as other dorms
- unauthorized painting of walls and ceilings, started cod process
- 2 police visits to EC over messages posted in halls
    - led to walkthroughs
- HRS cracking down on flag policies
- students are unhappy
- Temkin and Farin met with DSL
    - mostly about EC
    - they’re disappointed, want students in EC to take accountability
    - Suzy’s door is open to students
    - HRS is unhappy
    - Helen is not mad, can talk to her
    - certain policies might get stricter around EC, then applied across campus
        - also policies from other dorms are being expressed in EC for the first
          time
