---
sidebar_label: May 9, 2024
---

# DormCon General Body Meeting (Elections)

Date: May 9, 2024 @ 7:00PM  
Location: 1-190  
Food: Guru the caterer

:::note

If you find any issues with the meeting minutes, please email
[dormcon-secretary@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-secretary@mit.edu)

:::

## TL;DR (will be created after the meeting)

- updates from exec:
  [DormCon GBM Updates 5/9/24](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1I1zbKdvDKfXFD3jv1BqZSdSsZiu-y5kyWCV1vhAvroA/edit?usp=sharing)

## Full minutes

Elections\!\!\!

We will get started

The way this will work:

- candidates will present their platform. they will have 30 seconds per person.
    - who they are (name, dorm, year)
    - what they hope to achieve
    - why want role
- questions
    - fancy online system (scan the qr code at the front of the room)
    - 2 minutes to submit questions
    - judcomm will ask questions directly (consolidating repeat questions)
    - same link for questions and voting for all positions
    - each candidate has 30 seconds to answer each question
- discussion
    - candidates removed from the room
    - allocated 3 min per candidate before voting
    - moderated by judcomm, vote once people seem ready
    - when you cast your vote, please put what dorm you represent \+ proportions
      (e.g. 50% candidate A, 50% candidate B)

q: how do you disagree from your president?

- only presidents vote on the link
- afterwards there is time allocated if you disagree

vote numbers are from guide to residences website (best we can get)

- elections in dormcon are population vote

if you want to nominate yourself for a position, come write your name on the
board at the front\!

### President

- #### nominations
    - Jordan
    - Geoffrey
    - Ananda

- #### platforms
    - ##### Jordan
        - currently dormcon housing chair
        - been ec president, rac
        - want to be dormcon president because
        - dormcon is org with a lot of power to make changes on this campus.
          want to be a part of that. role of dormcon in interacting with admin,
          p/vp meet with suzy and have power to influence decisions at mit

    - ##### Geoffrey
        - sophomore in Next, course 20
        - at a higher level got a lot experience in being uc rep, being on
          committees like coc. doing stuff in ua.
        - in the words of an alum I interviewed, important to get involved

    - ##### Ananda
        - junior in Simmons, 1-12
        - deep love for dorms and everything I’ve been a part of. did not come
          intending to be involved in leadership but found great community to
          make change in dormcon.
        - working with sustainability and organizing a lot of things in dorms

- #### questions
    - now accepting questions\!

    - ##### favorite colors
        - Jordan: blue
        - Geoffrey: red
        - Ananda: red \+ blue

    - ##### dormcon’s priorities?
        - ananda
            - dormcon has specific place in govt and student advocacy
            - restoring relationships with admin important for changes in the
              future
            - making more people aware of dormcon
            - big role in sustainability advocacy which has not been that
              prominent recently
        - geoffrey
            - increasing dormcon’s presence in interacting with admin, the
              general student body, and interacting with other student
              governments who are doing analogous/simultaneous work
            - documentation from being in the ua easy to overlook
        - jordan
            - agree with restoring relations with admin
            - along with that based on the last week and last 6 months, there
              are lots of flaws in mit’s systems surrounding student life.
              policies not being clear
            - advocating for transparency from admin when there are not massive
              problems on campus. learning from mistakes and building on that

    - ##### how much interaction/collaboration should dormcon have with ua?
        - geoffrey
            - as much as needed
            - we meme about the ua for good reasons but shouldn’t necessarily
              avoid collaborating with them on issues that affect student life
              generally
            - as whole representative has power of unique leverage
        - jordan
            - ua has power that dormcon does not
            - personally have faith in upcoming ua administration, would like to
              work with enoch. common goals would like to work on
        - ananda
            - ta’ed both enoch and rishika so respect lol
            - agree on figuring out how we interact
            - tyra and I had experience with food insecurity and dining which is
              helpful

    - ##### how much time do you want to commit to this role next year? esp considering other roles in student gov
        - jordan
            - easy senior year
            - not many other activities
            - no other roles
        - ananda
            - main priority extracurricular wise minus tech week for theater
            - 6-8 hours a week
        - geoffrey
            - would be top priority
            - generally flexible in hours I can commit to things
            - 6-8 also sounds good maybe more if necessary if there is a big
              thing going on

    - ##### what interactions with admin that have not gone as planned? how did you handle it?
        - ananda
            - \[laughs\] we survived last year
            - adapting is the key to everything I do. things will go wrong
            - specific admin interactions. like when there is imperfect
              information. going in with specific objectives and goals
        - geoffrey
            - one example recently. next exec position. had to interface with
              mit licensing office to print shirts
            - back and forth on how to get design printed
            - was able to find way to get around things while still obeying the
              rules of mit licensing office
        - jordan
            - most recent example is dormspam working group
            - most certainly did not go to plan any time
            - involved a lot of persistence, did not get a lot of things asked
              for because of external factors and stakeholders
            - but was able to advocate enough to get some things we wanted

    - ##### do you have any broad projects/directions you want to take dormcon next year?
        - geoffrey
            - dormcon acts a bit in the shadows. good for getting things done
              but with the initiatives inviting admin to gbms
            - becoming more people-facing and entire ug resident facing student
              gov
        - jordan
            - big year for dormcon next year for both housing \+ dining
            - renewing bon appetit, reopening ec, closing mcc
            - lot of work keeping these projects moving forward
            - repairing relationships with admin will be a lot of work based on
              what happened this semester
        - ananda
            - lots of negotiation with class and ta and from climate
              negotiations
            - year of big change \+ opportunity. great point to include more
              student views on what things are done and how they are done
            - dining has a lot of options as dining chair (la verdes
              replacement)

- #### discussion
    - discussion is now ongoing, contents of discussion will not be included
    - now voting

- #### result
    - jordan has been elected\!\!

### Vice President

- #### nominations
    - geoffrey
    - tyra
    - ananda

- #### platforms
    - ##### ananda
        - already said a lot of things
        - being vp sounds great and being involved in student gov and getting
          more people to know about dormcon\!

    - ##### geoffrey
        - I already explained but yes
        - would be very nice to be vp
        - dormcon is powerful and efficient org
        - would be honored to serve in this role

    - ##### tyra
        - east campus, 6-1/8
        - based on experience as dining chair this past year
        - seeing what students think and talking with admin
        - lots of tangible results
        - conversations are what I enjoy and would like to continue those but
          not exclusively about dining and things more broadly

- #### questions
    - now accepting questions

    - ##### how familiar with each of dorms? how plan on getting more familiar?
        - tyra
            - more familiar with some than others
            - think I know people in every
            - understanding what community each dorm has (very different, good
              thing) and this is something we should preserve
            - push for more communication between dorms
        - geoffrey
            - several friends in each dorm
            - interested in dorm culture in general
            - enjoy archiving what dorms did in the past and how they evolved
              community over time
            - something special about every dorm but also many similar things
              that unite dormcon
        - ananda
            - been to every dorm
            - as simmons president last year got trauma bonded to every single
              president
            - key part of this is listening and gather what people need the most

    - ##### what would be your main priority as vp?
        - geoffrey
            - similar to what I said as president
            - more public facing to the point that a dorm resident can think “I
              have an issue, who can I turn to?” and answer is “dormcon” not “no
              one” as I have heard people say
        - ananda
            - if I had to pick one. negotiations
            - focusing on values and figuring out what those are
            - sustainability because that’s an area we need to work a lot harder
              on
        - tyra
            - very unique position where we represent students through the dorms
            - problems brought to dorm pres then further to dormcon
            - main priority is to try and get more connection between dormcon
              exec and dorm presidents
            - now that we have more money do more outreach

    - ##### responsibilities of vp? differentiate from and work with president?
        - ananda
            - dependent on year to year
            - largely a partnership
            - sounding board for each other and working on projects
            - inner vs. outer logistics (historically vp is more inner)
        - tyra
            - no strong opinions because also up to jordan
            - I think I work well with jordan
            - important to be flexible
        - geoffrey
            - same vein, general ideas
            - be an active presence, work with president as partnership
            - for specifics important to sort that out instead of coming in with
              preconceived notions

    - ##### question for tyra: how much time would you expect to put into role?
        - tyra
            - toning down, dormcon is priority
            - stepped down from other exec position in other club earlier in the
              semester
            - would have enough time
            - been here for 2 years, know how much time
            - currently dining chair takes up a lot of time

    - ##### good balance between dormcon vp/p (allocation of work, who hosts meetings, etc.)?
        - tyra
            - depends on what the dynamic is like for the specific pres/vp
            - pretty similar
            - looking at mitali and rebecca, working as a team
            - would expect to be even
            - both going to meetings
        - geoffrey
            - not only person dependent but also time dependent in who is doing
              what
            - general goals of pulling my own weight, communication. specific
              things should be agreed upon between p/vp
            - flexibility throughout the year as things come up
        - ananda
            - particular strengths and what people enjoy doing
            - like doing detective work and brainstorming
            - would I be as good at notes as rebecca? ??
            - being flexible with some weeks busier than others

- #### discussion
    - discussion is now ongoing, contents of discussion will not be included
    - now voting…

- #### result
    - ananda has been elected\!\!

### Housing

- #### nominations
    - temkin (jordan w. proxy)
    - farin
    - geoffrey
    - gabriel

- #### platforms
    - ##### temkin-ish
        - housing is one of the most significant issues at mit that affects lots
          of people at mit
        - want to work with hrs
        - residential life stuff
        - excited to work on this
        - worked a lot with tasha in the past

    - ##### geoffrey
        - interesting position
        - if you could pick one exec position that exemplifies the work of
          dormcon it is housing chair
        - first introduction to dormcon was housing chair initiative (real fake
          walls), excited to continue that

    - ##### gabriel
        - housing can make/break your experience
        - facilities are important
        - all aspects of housing are important even simple things
        - for ex. removing stoves in macgregor. and renovations. we have to
          fight back as students

    - ##### farin
        - taking 5th year, living in mcc for last year before renovations
        - current cpw/rex chair
        - enjoying time on dormcon this year
        - would like to do more advocating for students because of how valuable
          living communities are

- #### questions
    - ##### any significant issues in mit housing you would like to address?
        - farin
            - dorms should be more connected
            - mcc having transition right now
            - could use wisdom that other dorms have collected
            - housing is going through price restructuring right now and housing
              security
        - gabriel
            - following up on existing initiatives (ec and mcc renovations)
            - given that housing tends to be overloaded whether summer or during
              academic year. figuring out solutions so everyone can have housing
              if desired
        - geoffrey
            - documentation around renovations. very critical period
            - interviewed yu jing chen (bc transition team)
            - opportunity is revising cat policy within dorms. for ec
              transplants. cats have been so good for dorms
        - temkin
            - temkin has a lovely cat named skateboard, very fond of
            - has fought with hrs on many occasions for said cat

    - ##### how does this position fall in preference if nominated/interested in running for other positions?
        - temkin
            - really wants housing
        - geoffrey
            - this is actual target position, good fit for what I want to do
        - gabriel
            - a bit more passionate about food but tech chair and housing second
              place
        - farin
            - most interested in housing

    - ##### experience advocating for students at mit?
        - geoffrey
            - previously uc rep on dormcon
            - big project was real fake walls in next house and bc
            - currently on coc, offer perspective on curriculum proposals
            - student org working group, scooter working group
        - gabriel
            - been more on the periphery so far
            - hoping through this position getting more experience
        - farin
            - tried to be a voice in a number of campus positions such as ua
        - temkin
            - originally worked as dormcon cpw/rex chair
            - was on ua election committee last year (fun times)
            - currently working on ec and simmons tech web stuff
            - institute committee (cls)
            - working on how gender is represented in mit systems

    - ##### how do you plan to advocate during meetings with admin? will you be able to negotiate and push back?
        - gabriel
            - trying to figure out how it works from their side and emphasizing
              instead of just pushing back
            - stronger place to advocate
            - would not hesitate to have firm stance when needed
        - farin
            - even if you can understand where admin is coming from, should
              always try to push and discuss things through. how you would get
              the most out of this position
        - temkin
            - ?
        - geoffrey
            - one thing I’ve heard time and time again. picking your battles
              because things you work on in one aspect will affect things in
              another aspect
            - limited time with admin
            - easy to get bogged down in issues that go nowhere

- #### discussion
    - discussion is now ongoing, contents of discussion will not be included
    - voting now for 1st housing chair
    - voting now for 2nd housing chair

- #### results
    - temkin and farin have been elected\!\!

### Dining

- #### nominations
    - daniel
    - geoffrey
    - gabriel
    - tyra

- #### platforms
    - ##### gabriel
        - junior, majoring in 11-6
        - been in ua food insecurity committee this semester
        - would like to continue doing work from slightly different angle
        - making sure everyone has access to good food whether in cook for
          yourself or dining
        - prioritizing health

    - ##### daniel
        - majoring in cms, prev. cpw/rex
        - involved in dining shadowing mitali \+ rebecca two years ago
        - during interphase there was a gap in food security and they gave
          people techcash and it actually made things better\!

    - ##### geoffrey
        - would like to be dining chair because a lot of important conversations
          in dining. food security, bon appetit
        - been on periphery of these conversation and have seen things in
          dormcon and ua
        - have uniquely primed myself to get involved

    - ##### tyra
        - one of two current dining chairs
        - primary motivation last year, interested in improving food security
        - from past year got a lot of understanding and new experiences on what
          it means to be dining chair
        - seeing big picture of dining
        - 3 billion stakeholders, lots of compromise and navigating difficult
          conversations. would like to continue

- #### questions
    - ##### how much time devote to this position?
        - gabriel
            - no more than 3 classes \+ superurop
            - about 5 hours
        - daniel
            - 9.01 \+ 3 intro hass classes
            - ua history
        - geoffrey
            - ua history
            - 4 classes
            - pretty flexible
        - tyra
            - exact commitment as this semester including dining chair possibly

    - ##### immediate considerations to address?
        - daniel
            - concord market
            - what products
            - “ethnic” foods \- people have to go to chelsea to get basic spices
            - concord is invested in responding to student feedback
        - geoffrey
            - definitely concord market
            - supply of food, several dining halls have significant drop in
              amount of food available to people
        - tyra
            - no new considerations because enough with current stuff
            - concord market \- feedback
            - launchpad, greenboxes
            - general dining feedback
            - vending machines
            - continuing that
        - gabriel
            - concord market has long contract
            - best interest of everyone (mit \+ market) to see market succeed
            - using swipes on the east side of campus and other ideas

    - ##### how much engage with dining hall vs. cook for yourself community vs retail dining?
        - geoffrey
            - live in dining hall dorm
            - mostly get food from dining hall dorms
            - lots of friends in cfy, how is that life going for you, are there
              issues
            - while I occupy one sector of this, I would make sure to branch out
              to other perspectives
        - tyra
            - live in macgregor (cfy)
            - retail dining for lunch
            - dining halls \- go once or twice a week either through limited
              number of swipes or friends
            - dining feedback so I know what’s going on
        - gabriel
            - also macgregor (cfy)
            - go to dining halls when ec house team swipes us in, so familiar
              with how dining works
            - retail dining \- aware but not personally engaged
        - daniel
            - freshmen year \- went to every dining hall
            - cfy right now because budget
            - get feedback from friends on dining hall dorms (increased a lot
              from ec diaspora)

    - ##### people have tons of meal swipes left over every semester (wasteful) \- how do you plan on addressing this?
        - tyra
            - very complicated with bon appetit contract
            - way to address at root is have a different structure in meal plan
        - gabriel
            - important to talk to different stakeholders
            - sent out spreadsheet to dormspam
            - one of mods in swipe system server
            - talking to stakeholders at the root
        - daniel
            - changing over to instead of swipe system, you can tap in at every
              time. meal plan is so that you have access to the dining hall.
            - takes away scarcity mentality. while on swipe system. your friend
              just swipes people
        - geoffrey
            - structural issue on how meal plans are 225 and things
            - while we have contract we can find ways to make meal plans more
              usable both within dining halls and outside mit
            - when finding new contract we should keep things in mind to make
              more sustainable meal plan system

- #### discussion
    - discussion is now ongoing, contents of discussion will not be included
    - voting now for first dining chair
    - voting now for second dining chair

- #### results
    - figgis and tyra have been elected\!\!

### Judcomm

- #### nominations
    - geoffrey
    - tyler

- #### platforms
    - ##### geoffrey
        - hello I think following constitution is good I’ve heard
        - on a serious note, judcomm is about making flow of constitution and
          documentation better and that is something I can work on

    - ##### tyler
        - tbh idk what to say
        - I do plan on working a lot on documentation as macgregor president
          because when I fell into this role it felt like being thrown into
          chaos

- #### questions
    - now accepting questions
        - no questions

- #### discussion
    - discussion is now ongoing, contents of discussion will not be included

- #### results
    - tyler and geoffrey have been elected\!\!

### Secretary

- #### nominations
    - david

- #### platforms
    - ##### david
        - I want to do a good job

- #### questions
    - now accepting questions
        - no questions

- #### discussion
    - discussion is now ongoing, contents of discussion will not be included

- #### results
    - david has been elected\!\!

### Treasurer

- #### nominations
    - leo

- #### platforms
    - ##### leo
        - 25, next house, started coming to dormcon since freshman year
        - became next house treasurer this spring and enjoy spreadsheets
        - not going to be treasurer for much longer because may have won a
          special election :0

- #### discussion
    - discussion is now ongoing, contents of discussion will not be included

- #### results
    - leo has been elected\!\!

### Tech Chair

- #### nominations
    - gabriel

- #### platforms
    - ##### gabriel
        - technology is my passion

- #### discussion
    - discussion is now ongoing, contents of discussion will not be included

- #### results
    - gabriel has been elected\!\!

### Underclassmen Rep

- vacancy, postponed to special election
- next gbm next semester
- first job for new judcomm\!\! wooooo

CONGRATS TO NEW DORMCON EXEC\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!

WE ENDED AT 9:07PM GUYS LIKE WOW DORMCON HISTORY
