---
sidebar_label: March 14, 2024
---

# DormCon General Body Meeting

Date: March 14, 2024  
Location: MacGregor Game Room  
Food: TBA\!

:::note

If you find any issues with the meeting minutes, please email
[dormcon-secretary@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-secretary@mit.edu)

:::

## TL;DR (will be created after the meeting)

- Updates from DormCon exec:
  [DormCon GBM Updates 3/14/24](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1x4qsnHkhtd2AiPxMx9wQbYzzQwIItN6azUkoGR9Vr9c/edit?usp=sharing)

## Full minutes

### Agenda

- #### dtyd funding request
    - [DTYD Dormcon Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1S8UnVLIefvtdG2JvAhDTWaVKlVG-JulemIwOHz4fxQ8/edit#gid=0)
    - luca from b3\!
    - 1 min pitch:
        - dtyd is largest on campus party. 55th year
        - live music, bartending, food, drinks
        - fully open to campus
        - working to increase capacity from last year by 100 (850 can come by)
        - expensive party because trying to accommodate so many people
        - live music and bartending funded by alumni
        - otherwise reliant on bc and dormcon to fund things
        - last year was a big success, reached capacity
        - requesting 3500 (1000 less than last year)
        - bc is stretched for funds, pulling from reserves
    - larger requested than funding guidelines we previously voted on,
      ultimately up to presidents to decide whether we follow those guidelines
    - financial info on our side:
        - so far spent 2000 of 7000 allocated
        - if we spend more, than dormcon is net loss (dipping into reserves)
        - we would be starting next year with a smaller pool of money
        - not sure if we anticipate more requests but there is always
          possibility for more proposals and ideas
    - questions:
        - river: do we anticipate anything else coming up?
            - not sure, but last semester we had two unexpected events that took
              out 2400
        - david: where is extra funding going to for this year?
            - 1500 is for band (looking at berklee, maybe mit)
            - we are requesting less than last year
        - river: when did you start planning?
            - luca: about a month ago, in terms of budgetary stuff
        - ?: looking to expand capacity. are you looking for space outside bc?
            - with dtyd tends to vary. porter room is 430\. for dtyd people tend
              to stay the whole time, some transient flow. last year with abc we
              had some limits (750)
            - increasing ideally to 850
            - food plans are assuming similar to previous years
            - want space to be pretty full
        - how are you advertising this?
            - about to start doing advertising. a lot of postering, pubbing on
              social media. usually this works quite well
            - registered hack (last year on kresge there was a built dtyd house)
            - marketing stuff comes from alumni, not in this budget
        - what is the point of having funding limit if we are going to go over
          it? because fiscal responsibility. if you know that budget is tighter
          this year. are you spending 1000 less?
            - we are spending 2000-3000 less than last year. last year 11000,
              this year 9000 range.
        - increasing capacity?
            - conflict is demand to go to this party. goal is to throw something
              big that a lot of people can come to
            - being conservative on financial estimations
        - last year when we funded dtyd, one of the reasons budget was larger
          was that they needed to replace equipment?
            - some lighting needs to be replaced. acclimating to revised bc
              storage. won’t have to buy new speakers for example but need to
              buy new cables
            - all of bc uses our av equipment, pretty good av equipment
              reasonably priced
        - new budget limit, when was that publicized
            - this is a budget where we make guidelines but we don’t make
              decisions (presidents ultimately vote). budget is not publicized
              because we are not 100% but we can change that
        - this year it would be tricky, for next year would it be easier to make
          it lower next year?
            - next year thinking of raising bc house taxes since many parties
              thrown there
            - questions of how we can decrease prices on band, etc. how to reach
              out to more alumni to get funding
            - many directions, but difficult with rising prices in general
            - will take some time, is a big enterprise, not easy to optimize
        - if we decide we can only fund lower how would that affect the party
            - wouldnt prevent the party from happening, for example might have
              quieter music because losing av equipment, no live music
            - generally things on the quality of party
            - might translate to lower occupancy in general
        - funding from lef or deflorez?
            - lef doesn’t work for dtyd since we serve alcohol and was
              originally someone’s 21st birthday so alumni would hate us forever
        - when is this?
            - sunday of cpw weekend
        - are prefrosh allowed to go?
            - yes open to all ages but you will be id’ed, technically after cpw
              ends
            - after dry period (ends at 5pm)
    - vote on full funding amt (3500):
        - passed

### Exec updates

- #### tech (nate)
    - new funding guidelines getting updated on website

- #### secretary (sunmee)
    - hi

- #### uc rep (hanu/guy)
    - met with keith moser (head of security), rich hilton (sr assoc dean of
      hrs) regarding getting tap access to dining dorms for all undergrads with
      meal plan
    - seem open to idea but nuances with how tap access works with is\&t and
      allied security system
    - some potential issues, but seems like something that can get worked on
    - maybe not all dorms but for some dorms for breakfast/lunch/dinner
    - next steps:
        - rich will talk to is\&t to see what is possible
        - meal plan association with mit id
        - probably will have another meeting after is\&t responds
    - mitali: if they can’t make it meal plan associated, might be ok to have
      general undergrad access because people might have swipeshare or other
      things
        - hanu: keith is very conservative about who he thinks should have
          access to any dorm at any time
        - rich said oh people with meal plans living off campus should be able
          to get in
        - keith said oh you’re just adding a whole nother group
        - security perspective is reduce total possible people because reducing
          possibility for security breach
    - current policy?
        - right now you stand at the door and press a button and wait for
          someone to let you in
        - what we propose right now is that you can tap at the door and you will
          be able to open it
    - will security guard looking at tap logs be able to differentiate those
      that have access to dorm and those that are just there for meal?
        - was one of keith’s concerns
        - they just see a green or yellow
        - if you are on a express guest list you show up almost like a resident
        - they are supposed to log security breaches (where they perceive a
          person go up to the residential side)
    - don’t see how this is negative thing, I think this saves a 2 second convo
      with security guard so don’t see why
        - this is a minor inconvenience so not biggest thing in the world
        - the reason there was interest is that during lunch hours there can be
          a line especially at maseeh, but also it just makes sense
    - if biggest issue is maseeh, you have to tap on the elevator too so there
      is more security there
        - you would get tap access to front doors and not to residential side
        - they gave us various levels:
            - excluded late nite, because late at night
            - various dorms during breakfast/lunch/dinner
            - just maseeh because more security
    - accessibility for elevator?
        - you can click 1 and get into dining and that doesn’t require tap
        - basement also doesn’t require tap and there are residents that live
          there

- #### dining (tyra/ananda)
    - stud grocer
        - we have a new grocer in the stud\! should have gotten email about
          this. all “student leaders” got email but not general population
            - mark and heather: don’t you just tell everybody
        - thinking about dormspamming
        - email coming soon, hopefully within the next week
        - will discuss more later
        - probably open late this year, early next year
    - confirmed vending in the stud
        - at least 3 in the first floor within the next two weeks
        - berkshire (healthy snacks), farmers fridge, japanese coffee
    - expect a survey on which launchpad place will stay
        - not pick your favorite, phrased as which you visit most frequently
    - talking to office of sustainability tomorrow on food initiatives
        - very bad at pr
        - doing a lot of interesting stuff
        - lot of stuff on food
        - 30% of mit’s trash is food, if we put into compost could improve our
          lives
        - could be an initiative students could help out with
    - working with ua on food insecurity survey
        - sent to dormcon presidents \+ exec chat
        - email from enoch ellis, food insecurity survey
        - this one is made by students, trying to more quantitatively address
          what the food insecurity problem is
    - also working with ua on improving kitchens in dorms, looking at results
      from that
        - start with one dorm and do pilot program to solve issues
        - ex. pots and pans not being given back, maybe check in system
        - looking to start that soon
    - fun fact: there were worms in the fish in next & new vassar yesterday
      \[...\]

- #### judcomm (sara/mateo)
    - no updates

- #### cpw/rex (farin/maddy)
    - funding rounds from admissions should have come back, hopefully you got
      all your hopes and dreams
    - funding round 2 is from dormcon. up to max $500 but you need to request
      it. sent out a form and you should fill it out
        - seems important to do considering 4 questions and 3 are multiple
          choice
    - want to have posters soon, grabbing from last year (for hosting)
        - you should sign up to host if you can and haven’t already
    - talked to treasurer melissa about mattress reimbursements
        - once you have hosting decisions from admissions
        - ideal plan: dorms will bulk buy mattresses and distribute to people
          who requested, and we will reimburse
        - still you can keep an air mattress
        - timeline on this?
            - cpw host sign up deadline is march 24 \[pending verification\]
            - decisions will be out a week after or so
        - if people have alternative ways to house prefrosh, that’s better
        - if people don’t want to keep air mattress if the dorm could store
          those for next year
        - not really concerned because usually around 1100 surplus for air
          mattress budget
    - hosting number?
        - will check back in
    - do they know about mccormick getting renovated?
        - since they usually ask us to bump mccormick
        - said gender balance is pretty even at the moment
    - always can email questions to
      [dormcon-cpw-chairs@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-cpw-chairs@mit.edu)

- #### i3
    - met with admin
    - communicated guidelines with i3 chairs
    - some questions, addressing those

- #### advisors (lusi/amanda)
    - is anyone here from new house (david: yes)
        - specifically with culture houses. dwyght emailed all culture houses
          with request for information, needed to respond yesterday.
        - need to move forward with assignment processes
    - early arrival/summer/late stay forms are currently open
        - priority deadline for summer is wednesday at noon
        - applications before will go through lottery
        - applications after that will go through waitlist

- #### housing (jordan/sruthi)
    - talked to rich/david et al about housing intent form
        - 96% of eligible people filled out, 100 people did not
        - assume that is people that didn’t want housing
        - if anyone didn’t fill out and wanted housing, tell them to fill out
          housing waitlist
    - very similar to last year in terms of numbers
        - rich does not seem to be concerned
        - last year we had to figure out how to solve the problem, people
          canceled housing
        - they will be utilizing crowding/overflow spaces
        - if doubles have a history of becoming triples that may happen
        - if lounges have a history of becoming rooms that may or may not happen
        - based on last year these went away
        - telling racs to avoid giving these spaces
        - expect some of this to flake away over time
    - if you or anyone you know will not live in housing for sure
        - should cancel housing in starrez, penalty free until may 15
        - canceling sooner means less crowding
    - looking more closely into security breaches
        - if it gets bad people will get angry emails
        - what is a security breach?
            - someone enters the building that is not supposed to be
            - walking past the front desk once someone opens door for you
              without tapping at desk
            - not purely maliciously
            - barrier of what counts as a breach should be high because people
              are getting referred to cod over this
        - what has happened when students get referred to cod?
            - mostly just a threat
            - you get sent to cod, you have a zoom call. “we know this is very
              hard for you, if you want to talk to mental health whatever.” very
              surreal experience. depending on how you navigate, you may have to
              write a letter (apology): “i did something wrong, sorry.”
            - goes on your file.
            - typically need to have repetitive history
            - when they send you a letter they only mention a single instance
        - do other dorms have major discussion of tailgating?
            - simmons has side entrance
            - vassar has courtyard entrance, for first bit you could just open
              from the street
        - if house team/security team could communicate better on policy because
          it varies per dorm
            - instead of guessing you clearly know what you’re allowed to do

    - #### p/vp (mitali/rebecca)
        - meeting w suzy nelson
            - liz green (surveys) was also there
            - discussed post rex survey
                - in connection with floor placement processes in dorms
                - whether participation has correlation with satisfaction with
                  floor community
                - has changed since covid with mutual selection being phased out
                - discussing overall trends from that survey
            - p/vp \+ housing chairs discussing collecting more input on housing
              price changes from last year
                - let us know if you have thoughts on that
            - caa suspension/student trust in administration
                - was limited conversation
                - said can’t really answer things
                - nothing really came out of it but we brought it up
                - did express frustrations on being pulled in many directions by
                  internal and external stakeholders
        - dormspam working group
            - drafted recommendations being iterated/refined
            - hopefully out by end of march, will lyk
            - going back and forth
                - were going to get feedback but going back
            - eventually get to point of getting feedback where you will be able
              to see it
        - hoh convener’s meeting
            - discussed concerns/suggestions
            - focus on positive things (what do you want hoh to be, not not
              living up to expectations)
            - brought info to hohs, will have updates next time on reception
              from hohs
            - will collect your updates on have your hohs changed their
              behaviors as a result of these convos

### Pres updates

- #### baker
    - piano drop/cpw underway. chairs doing well with that
    - we did not have a piano, but we now have a piano
    - someone is designing and stress testing metal modular ramp, getting
      someone from makerlodge/makerspace on campus

- #### maseeh
    - hi I’m kennedy\!
    - boat cruise planned
    - maseeh olympics, getting hoh and gras on board

- #### mccormick
    - had town hall with hrs today to discuss renovations
    - decreasing lounges (2 → 1 per floor)
        - converting one to a double
    - increasing accessibility of west tower elevators, going to west penthouse,
      increasing accessibility in general
    - all female/non-binary space for people who need that
        - they say that’s a priority but no concrete plan
        - said they have been thinking a lot and want to talk about it but don’t
          have anything yet
        - mentioned there are suites in other dorms that are single gender
        - asked what we could tell prefrosh at cpw
            - will potentially be only people able to return to mccormick
    - putting together transition team, hopefully will have more convos
    - q: is single gender suite space thing something acceptable to mccormick?
        - they are not sure what they would do
        - don’t think hrs is aware of how it’s not just about single gender
          restrooms, is also lounge spaces and kitchens and laundry rooms even.
        - seemed pretty receptive but haven’t given us a clear plan so not sure
          how things will develop
    - q: random has one non co-ed floor, we were under the impression that this
      was not in other dorms?
        - macgregor has all female suites
        - new has all-male house, all-female house
        - we call them non co-ed and not single-gender because of cultural
          reasons
        - don’t think hrs is aware of how despite on paper these things differ
    - what I got from meeting is that we need to be very explicit in
      communicating
    - cheney room has you request tap access if female/non-binary, maybe making
      elevator be tap access for certain floors
    - hopefully with transition team will have more discussions

- #### next
    - passed budget, not letting people into social events until they voted
    - pi day today
    - scheduled spring formal
    - cpw going well, next act production in full swing

- #### random
    - passed budget, shortest meeting ever
    - starting revising constitution and bylaws to update with defacto things we
      do that are against constitution and bylaws
    - in the middle of survey to see support for signing for caa
        - 80% of randomites filled it out, of those 80% in support so we signed

- #### macgregor
    - field day
    - had pi day today, feel free to grab some

- #### new
    - few issues with mailing list for cpw
    - might need to discuss funding, did not know about admissions funding

- #### new vassar
    - had spring elections, concluding transitions
    - sent a form for cpw/rex (for events)

- #### ec
    - cpw is looking smooth
    - spring hall rush (did last fall), doing to make sure all halls have
      freshmen
    - traditional east side festival having issues in terms of space
        - seems to be resolved
        - a lot of things happening on friday rather than saturday
        - feast is indoor that only has 250 capacity which might not be enough
          for alumni
    - architects reached out about interior finishes
        - paint colors for lounges/bathrooms
        - constraints: can only pick 5-6 colors for all halls to share
        - can have different colors for lounges but one has to be in the
          bathroom
        - implementing process of figuring this out

- #### simmons
    - i3 chairs getting started on video
    - cpw funding was approved from house funds
    - sending poll to simmons residents soon for setting up scootah hockey (last
      weekend of april)

### Back to agenda

- #### new stud grocer
    - q\&a
        - what products will be available?
            - grocery style items
            - got floor plans
            - fresh fruit/produce
            - lots of sandwiches/drinks
            - usual toiletries, etc.
        - how do prices compare to la verdes/daily table?
            - more than daily table
            - gave preliminary prices, sandwiches are cheaper than la verdes
              when they closed
            - mit’s contract is focused on keeping items cheap. in exchange
              making them the preferred vendor for catering on campus
            - field trip in coming weeks to sign up to go there
            - there will also be sushi, coffee station apparently better than la
              verdes
        - hours of operation? similar to la verdes
        - vending machines run by grocer filled with fresh food running 24/7
        - accepted form of payment
            - probably techcash will work, will make sure
        - re: techcash on vending machines
            - apparently very hard. is on 6am healthy vending machines but hard
              to get for other ones
        - how long is contract for
            - want to be the new la verdes, trying to become part of the mit
              community
            - hope to significantly alter food landscape on campus
            - google maps rating is 4.6/5
        - opportunity for students to talk to them?
            - more student leader focused one (dormcon/ua/gsc)
            - and another open one where they table in the stud or something
              like that
        - when exactly will they open?
            - hahah. at the earliest october. iap?
        - grocery does that include convenience style?
            - yes less than la verdes but we are college students
        - toiletries, does that mean glue/notebooks/advil
            - not sure, will check
    - quick question: have you gotten email about survey from suzy?
        - everyone except seniors???

- floor placement?
    - will have further discussion at future gbm
    - if you have thoughts let us know
