---
sidebar_label: April 25, 2024
---

# DormCon General Body Meeting

Date: April 25, 2024  
Location: New House Multipurpose Room (MPR)  
Food: ???

:::note

If you find any issues with the meeting minutes, please email
[dormcon-secretary@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-secretary@mit.edu)

:::

## TL;DR (will be created after the meeting)

- Updates from exec:
  [DormCon GBM Updates 4/25/24](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KEK_HSm5klF8dl-OQeZdDQdJpfNllSx1A9TWIUHTczE/edit)
- Run for DormCon exec\!
    - Position descriptions:
      [tiny.cc/dormcon-elections](http://tiny.cc/dormcon-elections)
    - Non-binding interest form:
      [tiny.cc/dormcon-interest](http://tiny.cc/dormcon-interest)

## Full minutes

### Updates

- #### housing (jordan/sruthi)
    - housing waitlist/housing intent process
        - opt in vs. opt out
        - talked a while, didn’t get very far
        - but they are open to other potential solutions that are not just opt
          out
        - continuing to think about this
        - open to the concept of other solutions, still brainstorming
        - q: moving cancellation fee deadlines?
            - talked about why this is bad
            - but also open to discussing other things
        - every pro comes with \\geq number of cons
        - communication
            - communicating the fact that you are not guaranteed housing if you
              don’t fill out the form when you’re a freshman
            - generally tell you more often
        - trying to get to 100% filling out the form
    - hiring new house op manager
        - interviewing for that
        - because of floating between buildings, unclear which building is
          getting new house op manager
    - cpw events with hrs
        - lots of fun
        - zoom for parents april 2nd
        - table at academic expo
        - lots of prefrosh had questions
            - q: what’s the best dorm
                - a: go to cpw events
        - fun fact: simmons has lowest people to bathroom ratio at mit
            - and we thought maybe maseeh has the highest lmao
            - unknown

- #### cpw/rex (maddy/farin)
    - met with office of first year to get dates for rex
        - told us to contact helen wang
    - they ran cpw successfully \!\!\!\! APPLAUSE
    - q: how’s mattress stuff
        - some inquiries about how/when reimbursements will be processed,
          treasurer will be getting to it
    - q: post-mortem with trinidad from admissions?
        - haven’t scheduled anything yet
        - would be helpful for the mattress stuff

- #### tech (nate)
    - election info on the website
    - if you are interested in tech or chairs you should run for tech chair\!
      happy to talk about that

- #### uc rep (hanu/guy)
    - waiting on is\&t for the tap access
    - fun fact: guy is now the 2027 class president according to rebecca’s
      explore page :0

- #### secretary (sunmee)
    - Short links for the dormcon election interest form and the election
      position description form, if youre thinking t all of any positonf you
      should fil tha tout

- #### dining (ananda/tyra)
    - check out the updates doc for full updates\!
    - trip to concord market happened
        - very fun
        - happy to talk about specifics if people have q’s
        - group from dormcon went (most represented woot woot)
        - got good food
        - biggest takeaway: very interested in becoming part of the mit
          community, contract for 10 years
        - whatever they offer they want to be stuff that students want
        - very perceptive to student feedback and flexible
        - big focus for next few months is good system to offer feedback for
          them
            - smaller focus groups
            - feedback form
            - or a mix
            - to tell them what people think
        - did mention some things students want that they didn’t expect during
          the trip and they seemed pretty perceptive
        - more green stuff less wall of soda
    - dining forum also happened
        - lots of logistics/improvements for next time
        - seemed like good way for people to ask questions and see mark and
          heather
        - there weren’t that many people there but hoping people will spread
          things by word of mouth
    - csl (community and student life) guests
        - report on dining, nothing set yet
        - going well
        - taking input into consideration
        - doubled the number of undergrads\!\!
        - probably not going to directly impact any of us, maybe 27s. birds-eye
          view of what mit dining should start thinking about (long term)
    - greenbox survey
        - total of 7 responses :0
        - haven’t dormspammed yet
    - working with people on ua food insecurity on improving dorm kitchens
        - first steps of reaching out to new vassar desk on checking out
          supplies
    - fsat (food security action team) will meet again soon, hasn’t been active
      in a while
        - ua report has come out, should take a look
    - q: actionables with ua food insecurity stuff?
        - report is out
        - dorm kitchen project
        - how to better delegate tasks between us and stay in communication.
          lots of things we learn from them emailing things and not as much from
          talking
            - how to work on things together, not doing the same thing twice
    - q: is the report going to mit corporation?
        - unsure not as involved with this
        - report went to paul irvine and intent was to inform where mit is going
          to put money they said they are going to use to tackle food insecurity
            - and went to stu schmill \+ 14.01 prof

- #### judcomm (sara/mateo)
    - elections are next gbm\!
    - most of you are required to be there :)
    - in preparing there was slight discrepancy in constitution, so drafting
      amendment so next people can deal with it. everything will be legal and
      fine
    - how to make elections shorter (will get out of there in 1.5 hours)
    - constitution says fall elections should be last gbm, spring elections
      second to last. but last section says judcomm can do whatever they want

REITERATE: if you are a dorm prez pls be there. if you cannot be there, please
designate a proxy and let us know\!\! otherwise makes voting very difficult

please fill out the interest form because it helps us plan

- positions are elected one at a time, take nominations at beginning

- #### advisors (lusi/amanda)
    - each house pls get back to your area director about house taxes so we can
      make sure billings are updates
    - early arrivals for rex need to go to dwyght
        - allegedly went out last week to either dormcon exec or housing chairs
          or presidents
        - ???
    - peer mentor applications going out soon
        - if you know people interested have them fill that out

- #### i3
    - meeting w/ some dorm i3 chairs about i3 guidelines
    - found a workaround to have more lax copyright policy
    - every dorm that submitted videos got feedback by now except bc \+ simmons
      (still under review)

- #### p/vp (mitali/rebecca)
    - mitali \+ rebecca are graduating soon\! (APPLAUSE)
    - meeting this week, supposed to be suzy but now david friedrich \+ helen
      wang meeting
        - hoh discussions. suggestions for how to deal with that (see agenda
          below)
        - fsat and csl and dining recommendations, they said idk lalala yay
        - re: macgregor. it’s fine. they will have summer renovations even
          though they will have summer residents
    - all quiet on the dormspam working group front
        - started in november. almost may\! and we don’t know
        - they gave us draft version 1 then version 10 and then silence…
        - hopefully something by end of year?
        - they said end of march initially
    - project to improve info on rex and floor placements
        - getting more first years to participate in floor exchange
        - adding small blurb about each dorm on guide to residences page (same
          place that has hall style vs. suite style, number of singles, etc.)
            - waiting on few dorms to fill out form that was sent out
        - on the individual pages there are couple paragraphs about dorm
          culture, there will be more details there as well
        - graphic that lives on the page that says floor placement processes and
          process of fyre and stuff
            - don’t unpack, participate. ashley will make it look dsl-y and yay
        - over summer working with helen wang on history and benefits of
          selecting your dorm and culture. something that you all could be
          involved with
    - idea of having joint development of talking point between house govs and
      house teams during rex
        - saying easy to opt out vs. concern from dorm gov
        - meeting at beginning of school year with house teams to make sure
          everyone is on same page
    - having couple meetings with dsl data team
        - surveying on housing price change
            - re: proposal brought by david during gbm last fall, some
              positives/concerns
            - next step is doing survey on house price change or some focus
              groups to collect more data on how students feel about this
        - historical data from post-rex survey
            - stress/satisfaction with rex
            - belonging in community
            - looking at trends
    - rex dates and food policies being worked on
        - hopefully updates soon
        - meeting with helen tmrw

### Agenda

- #### elections
    - if you have any questions talk to position holder
    - dorm pres: take a few minutes at house gov meeting to mention dormcon\! if
      you want one of us to come and say a blurb let us know
    - if you are in this room you should run unless you are graduating

- #### updates to housing chair responsibilities
    - having culture chair on dormcon brought up at previous gbm
    - proposal that dormcon exec came up with is to update housing chair
      responsibilities to include cultural stuff
    - meeting more regularly with helen wang \+ tasha coppett
    - already have standing meeting with david/rich on facilities side, and we
      only have high level discussions in p/vp meetings so adding specific
      things on cultural side
    - talking with helen on how that would look, maybe having hoh present
        - power differentials?
        - if it is housing chair’s hoh vs. neither ..?
        - you want hoh in convos sometimes
    - very much pilot responsibility that we are open to changing
        - next year we can reevaluate
    - q: if we make new positions are they going to be voted on for elections
      this year?
        - at this point not looking at making new position, just changing
          existing one
        - adding position would be next year if that happens

- #### pulse survey on hoh responsibilities
    - sent to dorm prez
    - brought up to helen
    - of prez in this room, who would say you haven’t had some level of convo
      about this
        - a few people
    - helen is going to tell your hoh to reach out to you, would be good to
      reach out to them too
    - mcc: great deal of communication with hoh \+ gras.
        - go to house team meetings every two weeks for first 20 minutes where
          we exchange updates. to check on what’s going on. ask for feedback.
            - we find that very helpful.
        - they also come to almost every house meeting.
        - always expectation that we can come to them for anything. really enjoy
          having that level of comfort.
    - random: actually getting new hoh so maybe not worth to have this now but
      good to have info from other dorms so we know how to onboard new hoh
        - check back in with dormcon next semester\!
    - tyra: as part of dorm kitchen thing, reaching out to tasha in the context
      of responsibilities of hoh in dining
    - helen gave suggestion for initiating these convos for anyone who is
      continuing
        - frame as reflection on the semester
        - to define roles
    - ec: got community liaison at beginning. wanted to meet with anyone who was
      considered student leader
        - that helped set the tone with rcl on how much involvement we wanted
          her to have
        - historically want house team to be as hands off as possible
        - had meeting at beginning of sem on what we wanted to achieve, helped
          to stay on same page
        - last week met to reflect and updates of how it went and plan moving
          forward

- #### check in on dorm tax
    - voted to raise it $5 \-\> $10
    - reminder to account for that in setting your own house tax
    - any feedback/thoughts, have you heard anything from your dorm residents?
        - guy: people in baker don’t like that we raised it, made it clear that
          we don’t have money
            - in the future trying to index to inflation so it is not as much of
              a big change
            - they said what do you do for me. baker doesn’t really ask for
              dormcon money much. told them to ask
        - ananda: any specific plans? other than responsible fiscal activities
            - up to next year
            - had trouble with events (set caps lower than what we’ve funded in
              the past) and cpw/rex funding and providing for food
            - providing as much without as much concern
            - for ex: over the summer we wanted to do more inter-dorm events.
              having money for outreach to hold more events since people don’t
              understand what dormcon is
            - more student engagement to hold forums without stressing about it
        - david: nh residents seem fine with raising $5. thought about raising
          more but not sure. curious to see what other dorms
            - other dorms are raising $5
            - random: people were generally in favor of raising for dormcon
              because funding for cpw/rex

### Pres updates

- #### maseeh (kennedy)
    - boat cruise this weekend
    - one more exec team meeting after that and we are done\!

- #### next (shorna)
    - formal at media lab
    - special election for president because taking a gap semester\! new pres by
      may 6

- #### macg (tyler)
    - averted stove crisis
        - YAY
    - field day tmrw, big bouncy obstacle course in courtyard. food trucks,
      field day games
        - can dormcon bring a team?
            - you can show up
    - q: how are people feeling about stove stuff
        - people are confused
        - I’m also confused
        - got some conflicting information and some people that were at meeting
          david friedrich \+ rich were confused on the heads of house’s words vs
          hrs words
        - some people don’t wanna talk about it any more
    - q: how hoh has been involved?
        - some indications on them possibly pushing it
        - probably will ask about it in a few weeks
        - one of them said old housing manager wanted to push this through..

- #### vassar (michaela)
    - delayed room assignments but done now

- #### new house (david)
    - also delay with room assignments because a few people we don’t know (maybe
      not staying in new house)
    - may 4 possible house wide bbq
    - cpw event went alright

- #### random (bianca/lauren)
    - updating constitution \+ bylaws
    - gra interviews
    - theoretically finding out about hoh at end of april
    - starting convo on language of opting out
    - cpw events got less attendance than usual. seems like some of them were
      put on official schedule as being a day later. none of the upperclassmen
      running events were given access to cpw event calendar
        - providing calendar to dorm cpw/rex chairs to see whether things got
          off
        - on the email that confirms events got approved was it also wrong
          there?
            - not sure
        - geoffrey: group exec got an account on cpw app
        - not sure whether cpw/rex chairs had access
        - will collect more info on this

- #### mccormick (jyotsna)
    - racs did room assignments, fairly smooth
    - a few people didn’t fill out form saying they were squatting but that got
      ironed out
    - cpw went fairly well. got good turnout
    - in the process of having first transition meeting with transition team for
      hrs. hard to find time that works for everyone so a bit of back and forth
      on getting that
    - final house meeting in may. by then finalize one of our new gras

- #### simmons (gabbie)
    - room day went pretty well
    - cpw also went well
    - scootah hockey tournament next week saturday

- #### baker (guy)
    - sad that we cannot access rooftop
    - piano drop delayed, sometime early may

- #### ec (river)
    - cpw went well
    - some issues on app with room
        - events in stud space \+ room on top
        - we put up a sign but facilities would take down the sign
        - nice to have ways to update if event gets moved
        - field A to run some events but since rain things got moved. we update
          our website but can’t mass email all prefrosh
        - they didn’t really know it was possible to change things
        - next year maybe email to event runners to double check things are
          right
    - q: did you know about misalignment before event happened?
        - didn’t know until prefrosh came and said it was wrong
        - did not have access to what the prefrosh had
    - relatively went well tho
    - big focus on east side festival (big alum event)
        - supposed to happen next weekend
        - hard because same time as springfest
        - typically happens concurrently with senior house event. communicating
          this planning with senior house alums
        - considering encampment they want to be mindful since our event is
          happening on the field. being considerate of throwing party next to
          protest
    - focusing on rex, figuring out build

- #### bc (rebecca)
    - no updates
    - bc cpw went well
    - had a little fair with booths for each floor

### Last thing

feedback on how dormcon went this semester\! open floor time : D

- ec: I like dormcon (yay)
- maseeh: some days when dormcon and ua meetings have fallen on back to back
  days so lots of meetings, maybe communicating to coordinate that
- tyra: we get so much done\!
- rebecca: would have been good to get more people to gbms that are not exec or
  house govs. outreach is something we can work on every day\!
    - mitali: consistently struggled with reaching out to people who aren’t on
      dormcon
    - jordan: not a problem unique to us, people just do not like to go to
      meetings
    - ananda: good opportunity is rex. dormcon meet and greet
    - temkin: we now own rex.mit.edu so tech chair could use that
    - dormcon social?? last year right after elections we did massive ice cream
      social with old exec \+ new exec \+ presidents
- tyra: more outreach would be good now that we have money. things in lobby 10
  with free donuts and boba and waffles food truck. those things are effective.
    - all of our money goes to events that overshadow us
- if we have another rex event should be in a more visible place
- sruthi: around elections time we emphasize that house govs should attend.
  smaller group to reach out to is people we know that already care about this
  stuff
- bully your freshmen to come to dormcon
- farin: started by going to random dormcon meeting. it was intimidating because
  all of these people. and they all had stuff to do and I was just there. for
  this to happen we need something for people to do
    - major props to david who helped pub this
- open floor time like 5 minutes for anyone to bring anything up
- river: if you don’t have an update to give, what else are you going to do. my
  favorite time in dormcon meetings is discussions because I get to talk
- sruthi: got a lot more people than usual at housing gbm. having more forums
  with specific topics that people are interested and can think about
- jordan: do people read agenda sent to dormcon-announce

our inboxes are open and messengers are open

rebecca: come knock on my door I live in room \[redacted\]
