---
sidebar_label: December 1st, 2022
---

# Meeting Minutes 2022-12-01

## Meeting Begin

Zawad: Are there any funding requests?

Jordan: There should be one for bad ideas

## Exec Updates

### Elections

- CPW/REX Chair
    - Call for nominations?
        - Nominate Temkin, accept
        - Nominate Skip, decline
        - Nominate Fig, accept
        - Nominate Geoffrey, accept
        - Nominate “those two people sittin there”, both declined
    - Speeches:
        - Temkin: I am Temkin, EC resident. I had never been to MIT before CPW
          and it was pretty great, I zoomed around for 3 days. I want to make
          sure the experience is great for all the incoming ‘27s and I would
          love to be a part of Dormcon
        - Figgis: EC, 2025\. I have experienced CPW/REX and want to be involved
          in the process. In person CPW is a very important part of getting to
          now MIT
        - Geoffrey: 2026, Next. I am the underclassmen representative which
          means that next year all the 2027s will be under my purview. As
          freshmen I bet you would agree that CPW/REX was very important for
          transitioning into MIT and I want to take an active role on that in
          Dormcon
    - Questions:
        - Current Chairs:
            - Q: What do your schedules look like for spring
                - Temkin: currently registered for 60 units, extracurriculars
                  are pretty seasonable, mostly just run elections, no UROP
                - Figgis: I will be taking 3 classes eom
                - Geoffrey: Spring credit limit means only 5 classes but I will
                  definitely not take 5 class, I already go to all the dormcon
                  meetings. As my schedule is pretty consistent now it should
                  remain consistent in the spring
            - Q: Prior experience in leadership/ working with admin
                - Temkin: On EC election comitttee and UA election commission,
                  got to drop pumpkins off of a high place and had to interface
                  with people for that
                - Figgis: Hall chair for past year, also dropped pumpkins
                - Geoffrey: Currently Dormcon underclassmen rep, have experience
                  specifically with dormcon
        - Presidents:
            - No Questions
        - Any questions?
            - Q: Thoughts on how CPW/REX were like run when you were a freshman
                - Geoffrey: Overall I think many of us can agree that CPW is
                  very hectic and chaotic but in a fun way. A sense of how to
                  maintain that controlled chaos is important to a good CPW.
                  Looking towards the future, I would highlight the CPW app as
                  the one thing issue I would point out about the broader
                  experience (it was bad and frustrating) Would like to revisit
                  that in the future, preferred how REX events were scheduled on
                  the website
                - Temkin: The app was so bad, before coming to CPW you didn’t
                  really know anything about what it would be like and the app
                  was your only guide. It was a hectic experience and it would
                  be nice to have a little bit more. There were some required
                  events that they never told us were required. I think better
                  better communication in general would be a really good
                  improvement
                - Figgis: My CPW was online so I had a very different
                  experience. I was admitted as a 2024 but deferred, so I
                  experienced two online CPWs. I think there was much better
                  communication in the 2025 CPW and the app was fine. Part of
                  the CPW experience is the firehose. We have to be cognizant
                  that not everyone can come to CPW eg. international students
                  and they still have to choose whether they want to come here
                  and pick a dorm. A certain level of facilitation and
                  communication for people who can’t come would also be good
            - Q: Since you’re both from EC and from the same hall how would you
              work to make sure that all voices are heard?
                - Figgis: Temkin and I have a good working relationship, we’ve
                  worked together before and had to facilitate lots of voices in
                  our hall in relation to that. I’m not someone who really stays
                  in one place. Asking people is important and we should
                  acknowledge that people from other dorms know how to run
                  things and
                - Temkin: I would agree. I don’t think either of us like to stay
                  in our dorms all day. We like to go out and interact with
                  people. I like going everywhere across MIT. It’s fun and nice
                  to talk to everyone
            - Q: You’re all from _a dorm_ but as CPW/REX chair you’ll make
              decisions that affect all dorms, how do intend on separating
              yourself from being a dorm resident while
                - Figgis: I think this applies to other cases as well. It’s good
                  to look at the past. We should consider how we can allocate
                  things fairly.. The biggest thing that I’m thinking about is
                  that EC won’t have a physical space during REX and we’ll have
                  to remain unbiased in order to make sure that EC is
                  represented without intruding on the CPW/REX activities of
                  other dorms
                - Temkin: Every dorm is different and it’s important that
                  prefrosh are given the opportunity to explore things to its
                  fullest extent. MIT has different pockets that can fill so
                  many different roles and facets of life and we need to give
                  any dorm or club appropriate space to represent themselves
                - Geoffrey: The biggest priority when it comes to making a good
                  CPW is that each dorm can contribute their own part to the
                  general experience. WE need to make sure that each dorm can
                  make its presence known. When it comes to allocating events,
                  we should establish a fair system where one dorm doesn’t get
                  too many events. I won’t call out Random specifically, but
                  during REX, one dorm had 70 events, and another dorm had 15\.
                  While I understand that there are discrepancies, I will
                  definitely prioritize each dorm making its presence known

        \--Closed Discussion--

- Figgis and Temkin Elected

- i3 chair
    - Job description
        - “interactive introduction to the institute”
        - They coordinate between admin and dorm i3 chairs about deadline, info,
          anything to do with i3 process which includes the i3 videos and the
          guide to residences website
        - Basically, it’s a communication job
        - You will also review the submitted i3 videos with admin all at once in
          a room
    - Nominations:
        - Nominate Mateo, decline
        - Nominate Skip, decline
        - Nominate Leo, decline
        - Nominate Geoffrey, ~~accept~~ decline
        - Nominate Tyra, accept
        - Nominate Fatima, decline
    - Speech
        - Tyra: i3 vidoes where very important to me in choosing where to live
          since I didn’t go to CPW. I like to send emails, I’m bad ideas chair
          and also secretary in a club, I like emails
    - Questions
        - Favourite colour?
            - Green
        - How do you feel about communicating with admin
            - Don’t have any experience yet, but will gain experience as bad
              ideas chair
        - Do you like watching videos?
            - Yes
- “Tyra, would you please proceed to the laundry room”

\--closed discussion--

- Tyra elected

## President Updates

### Next

- AD interviews
- 120 people showed up to thanksgiving, including people not from next house

### McCormick

- Elections

### NV, Baker, Maseeh

- I’m retiring

### EC

- Jordan: I will be either president or vice president once elections are over

### MacGregor

- We have social chairs
- Holding elections soon

### BC

- Elections soon
- 41 people running for different positions
- Published BC building quality survey results, trying to figure out what to do
  next
- Somehow didn’t get a new house manager :(
    - Don’t understand where the candidate both simmons and BC wanted went

### Random

- We’re selling 3 barbecues
- Elections are happening
- Random Thanksgiving

### Simmons

- AD interviews
- Got a house manager
- Hopefully Jordan is retiring
