---
sidebar_label: November 10, Next House
slug: /minutes/2022-11-10
---

# Meeting Notes 2022-11-10

## Underclassmen Rep Constitutional Amendment

- [Amendment](https://l.messenger.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.google.com%2Fdocument%2Fd%2F1d8ggw4Tzzy33XiLwwO47D5zF0Gv5ezXflzopkr1M5ZY%2Fedit%3Fusp%3Dsharing&h=AT0GQvtj5O_qPLi7nhUGENHDW6jPZHFV-gp-V7QdbhvgcYmzx2Vqb3DdpEFe1XC35hcwwabp0r4gbZcHymYy30edAFMWKvRFOjjlF-QvTqvxbd1WnEyVyPQv2LTTDxf5tIlsng)
- What is the amendment about?
    - Wanted to clarify how reactions will be run for underclassmen rep
    - Consensus exec came to is that we want the UR to always be an first
      year/second year
    - The timing this leads to is Dec and May elections will both be
      specifically for freshmen
    - Policy would come into effect next spring
    - Ideally, the position will always have two people
        - No UR election this september, Jordan’s term ends in May 2023,
          Geoffrey’s term ends in Dec 2023
- **Vote is held (Population vote)**
    - **Passes**

Zawad: Also last meeting is December 1st, where elections for CPW/REX and i3/RAC
chair will be held.

## President Updates

### Random

- They paved the trunkroom floor
- We elected i3 chairs and judcomm

### New

No updates

### NV

No updates

### Simmons

- No AD ;\_;
    - \-3 ADs from usual number
- House retreat
    - to EC people, what can Simmons do to help EC people integrate when the
      renovation happens?
    - Arthur: When we tried to integrate BC people into EC, we tried to put BC
      living communities geographically close to each other
    - Zawad: These are my personal thoughts, but it might be nice is your dorm
      can accommodate groups of people living together eg. suites or other ways
      in which people are grouped together

### Next

- Turning off anonymous to all Piazza option
    - eg. 20 piazza posts in a row about the heat not working
- Why is the heat not working?
    - Main heat compressor was switched to backup and the backup needed
      maintenance
- Amending housing bylaws, but this is typical
- General sentiment that Next House dining is getting worse because all the
  dining money is going to Maseeh
    - Lots of initiatives going on at Maseeh
    - Mitali: One of the biggest dining halls on campus, putting lots of effort
      into global and oasis and is also the lunch place
    - Alan: One thing to consider is that because Next is so far from campus the
      dining hall is a cultural center for Next Houselife

Zawad: Any progress with the floodlights?

Jordan: Emailed DAPER person and got told to fuck off. HoH got involved but
nothing's happened so far.

### BC

- Biweekly HRS meetings are going well
- Giving party board instead of canvases to paint on
- Potential indigenous living group
- BC internal toptionality discussions delayed for unknown reasons
- Zawad: is there a person on exec responsible for murals?
    - Yes there is one but I don’t know who it is. Kevin do you know?
        - Kevin: IDK

### McCormick

- Had a trick or treat thing
- Re: facilities problems
    - Laundry working again
    - Elevator broke down again
    - Mouse problem continues
    - Riots have subsided

### Maseeh

No updates

### EC

- Put together AD search committee, interviews towards end of month
- Working on depopulation and repopulation plans
