---
sidebar_label: May 11, 2023
---

# Meeting Minutes 2023-05-11

## Elections

Sarah: Welcome to the 2023 dormcon elections\!\!

Roll Call: New House absent, rest present UPDATE: New house showed up

Sarah: Dormcon elections are very casual, you do not necessarily have to
announce your candidacy in advance, and if you are in the room you can be
nominated for a position.

Sarah: If there’s an urgent situation that means you have to leave before your
election, tell Jordan and I. Candidates have a 1 min time limit for their
speech, and 30 sec for the Q and A.

Sarah: The vote is a population vote. Dorm residents can exercise their
democratic rights by voting separately from their president if they so wish,
candidates leave the room during deliberation

Q: What are the population numbers being used for the dorms?

A: The numbers on the guide to residences website.

### President

- Nominate Mitali
    - Accept
- Nominate Rebecca
    - Decline
- Mitali Speech: I’ve been on dormcon since freshman spring in various rules
  including i3, RAC, risk management chair, and dining chair and I want to run
  for prez bc I am the only person standing up here right now. In all
  seriousness, dormcon is something I care about a lot and I’ve learned a lot
  and I obviously still have a lot to learn and I’m really excited to learn more
  and to guide the dorms in a better direction.
    - Questions:
        - Q: Do you have experience holding leadership positions?
            - A: I’ve been a hall chair in EC and have experience running
              events, planning hall meetings and representing my hall. I was
              also a publications coordinator in divest. I was also a vice
              president of one of the committees in the south asian association
              of students
        - Q: Speak to your experience advocating for students
            - A: My main experience is as dining chair this year. Rebecca nad I
              had a lot of fun meeting with Mark and Heather and advocating for
              smaller things and also more long term things.
        - Q: What are the biggest issues you want to address as president next
          year
            - A: Preserving dorm culture and ensuring that students have the
              autonomy to express their culture as they want. Also there are the
              overcrowding issues. For dining, food insecurity has been an issue
              and even more since the pandemic. Over the next few years we also
              have the opportunity to talk about the bon appetit contract and
              how that is structured. Over all, I think that this is something
              that dormcon as a group will decide.
- Result: Mitali elected as president

### Vice-President

- Nominate Rebecca
    - Accept
- Rebecca Speech:
    - I live in Burton Connor and am a junior and this past year I’ve been
      dining chair with Mitali. Like everyone else I’m really happy to be here
      and be part of dormcon. This past year I’ve learned a lot about the change
      that can be effected by students. My goals would be to increase the
      priority of student feedback. Recently we’ve been having many large scale
      changes such as renovations and the bon appetit contract. I’m also
      interested in making sure that exec members on dormcon feel comfortable
      and able to pursue the changes that they want to see
    - Q: favourite colour?
        - A: Solo cups when they’re green
    - Q: how well do you think you work with the president elect
        - A: Mitali and I have been dining chairs together for the past year and
          we’ve been buddies before that and we’ve worked really well together
          in that position and have been able to check each other, as we’re
          different people with different priorities
- Result: Rebecca elected as vp

### Treasurer

- Nominate: Melissa
    - Accept
- Nominate: Geoffrey
    - Accept
- Nominate Tyra
    - Accept
- Nominate Temkin
    - ACcept
- Melissa Speech
    - I’m a sophomore and live in BC. I’m responsible for finances in two clubs,
      MIT consulting group and Mince and thus work with a lot of money. I’m very
      familiar with working with budgets and spreadsheets and with ATLAS and
      Mary Mango. I’ve also talked with club members on their budget and how
      much money they can spend. People often want to spend a lot more money on
      food and other unnecessary things.
        - Q: How on top of emails?
            - A: Check emails consistently in morning and at night
        - Q: Why treasurer of dormcon?
            - A: So many people I know have found culture and community through
              dorms and is a fairly universal experience which is why I want to
              be involved. I also just enjoy knowing where money goes and money
              flows because it influences how tradition and culture are carried
              on
        - Q: First restaurant you would order from?
            - A: Bonchon
        - Q: How good are you at saying no?
            - A: lot of people try to spend money on stupid things in MCG (e.g.
              rolex watches lmfao), so I can say no. kind of a stingy person, so
              I don't like it when money is wasted.
- Geoffrey speech
    - I live in Next House and am currently the dormcon underclassmen rep, which
      is kind of like an exec at large position as our stated role is to
      represent the interest of 1st and 2nd years in dormcon and with admin.
      We’ve been working on the mural pilot which will hopefully debut at Next
      house soon. We’re also currently working on how to prepare dormcon to more
      effectively advocate for dorms during renovations. I want to run for
      treasurer because helping to start more interdorm events would be very
      nice.
        - Q: How on top of emails
            - A: I think I’m pretty good with emails. Jordan and I are currently
              back and forth with admin about the murals pilot
        - Q: Why treasurer of DormCon?
            - A: Treasurer’s position as a funding source for inter-dorm events
              open to the wider community is useful, especially given dorms are
              closing. Inter-dorm social gatherings can strengthen our
              communities
        - Q: First restaurant you would order from?
            - A: Cafe Luna, both have pretty good food and do cater to wide
              variety of dietary restrictions
        - Q: Are you good at saying no?
            - A: I think I’m generally pretty good at saying no. Especially in
              heated moments, being able to be more dispassionate and logical
- Tyra Speech
    - Freshman in EC. current dormcon i3 chair, which is just for the spring
      semester. Specifically I want to be treasurer because I love spreadsheets.
      I was the treasurer for bad ideas, so I made budgets for events, submitted
      funding requests, made budget reports, etc. I have many expense tracking
      spreadsheets. I have experience with relevant platforms like Atlas, Mary
      Mango and I are like best friends.
        - Q: How on top of emails
            - A: I respond pretty quickly to emails, people from EC know.
        - Q: Why treasurer of dormcon?
            - A: I think dormcon is special in the way that it directly supports
              student events within dorms
        - Q: What would be the first restaurant you buy food from?
            - A: iHop
        - Q: Are you good at saying no?
            - A: Yeah \- I’m currently east campus soccomm (social committee),
              which means my job is basically just to say no (courtyard
              reservations, friday afternoon clubs, etc.). As well as being able
              to say no, I can compromise.
- Temkin Speech
    - I am a ‘26, course 11-6, live in EC, moving to Simmons, currently dormcon
      CPW-REX chair. Been a part of dormcon since late last semester and have
      been working on CPW, coordinating with admissions and we’re about to start
      on REX. As treasurer I hope to collect RFPs and help with finances
      \*thumbs up\*
        - Q:How on top of emails:
            - A: I’m pretty quick at responding to emails
        - Q: Why treasurer of dormcon?
            - A: Echoing, DormCon is really specialized, focusing on important
              student issues; treasurer is a backbone for that and I’d like to
              support other positions
        - Q: First restaurant you would order from?
            - Really good mexican catering, which is lowkey the best mexican
              food I’ve had in Boston
        - Q: How good are you at saying no?
            - Q: I say no a lot. I will actively fight for what I think is
              right, so I can absolutely so no
- Election Result: Melissa elected as treasurer

### Housing Chair

- Nominate: Jordan
    - Accept
- Nominate: Geoffrey
    - Accept
- Nominate Sara
    - Accept
- Nominate Cameron:
    - Accept
- Nominate Mateo, Sunmee, Fatime, _et. al._
    - Decline
- Speech Jordan (blue is my favorite color, 2025):
    - EC president; I want to run for housing chair because—I am a suitable
      candidate because I was a RAC for EC last year and I have had a lot of
      interaction with the housing system on the individual sense and how it
      fails students. We’ve also worked on issues with respect to the EC
      renovations; I worked with the DC housing chairs at the time of
      overcrowding to resolve the problem in a way that was not what Rich Hilton
      wanted. I think I’m a suitable candidate for those reasons and my
      experience with talking to Housing.
        - Q: Email response time?
            - A: Obsessed, check it like 35 times a day.
        - Q: (experience working with admin?)
            - A: Have had to make time for Rich Hilton already; I met with him
              five times in one week
        - Q: Comfortable telling administrators something won’t work?
            - A: Yes, I’ve had to tell admin no many times, a recent example
              would be with the EC housing placement situation
        - Q: How will you balance the issues of your dorm with other dorms?
            - A: EC obviously doesn’t have a building next year, which will give
              me a larger role in advocating for all dorms without bias
        - Q: How much do each of you know about intradorm housing assignment?
            - A: I was an EC RAC last year, but I also know that our system can
              be needlessly complicated. Every dorm has their own process that
              works well for how their community is structured and I plan to
              advocate for dorms to have autonomy over their process
        - Q: What are your commitments in the coming year?
            - A: 48 units and TAing and possibly a UROP, but I’m very good at
              time management and prioritizing what is important
- Speech Geoffrey (red, 2026):
    - I live in Next house and am a freshman. I want to run for housing chair
      because especially in these times of dorm renovations, strong leadership
      and a good relationship between housing chairs and MIT admin is important.
      I believe there’s many ways I can use this position to make dorm living
      better for everyone.
        - Q:Email response time?
            - A: Check my emails quite often
        - Q: Time for face to face meetings?
            - A: Yes. I love face-to-face ~~emails~~ meetings.
        - Q: Comfortable telling administrators something won’t work?
            - A: Catching Will and Phil up to speed and had to tell them that
              the canvas in Next is not sufficient.
        - Q: How will you balance the issues of your dorm with other dorms?
            - A: Agree with the general points made \- like the great power of
              DormCon is that dorms can come together and create a unified
              stance with admin which helps in advocating things, even if they
              may pertain to one or two dorms
        - Q: How much do each of you know about intradorm housing assignment?
            - A: Yeah \- I think I know fairly well from the start when I first
              entered DormCon, doing a lot of research about the dorms and their
              individual cultures/housing processes especially, so I think I
              have pretty good knowledge
        - Q: Time commitments
            - A: pretty good, four classes next semester, maybe with a UROP,
              don’t believe I have any major time sinks
- Speech Sara (purple, 2024):
    - I am a junior and current Random President. I am running for housing chair
      because I am very aware of the tier system and differences between dorms
      eg. size, fluctuating state (renovations). I am personally concerned about
      how renovation will impact everyone. Coming to dormcon has made me more
      aware of other people’s issues, such as McCormick elevators and MacGregor
      overcrowding. I care a lot about these issues and want to work with admin
      and students to solve these issues.
        - Q: Email response time?:
            - A: Assuming, I’m not in the middle of a meeting, I check my emails
              within the hour and respond
        - Q: Do you have time for face-to-face meetings:
            - A: There’s been stuff in random that requires lots of face to face
              meetings on short notice, so I’m very used to it
        - Q: Comfortable telling administrators something won’t work?
            - A: Currently in the reslife principles WG and have had to tell
              administrators that some of the things you say are not how it
              works
        - Q: Balance your dorms against other dorms
            - A: I think dorms are unique; lots of overlapping and unique
              issues. Dorms need to approach things specifically; communicating
              with presidents and having them express what’s going on in their
              dorm.
        - Q: How much do each of you know about intradorm housing assignment?
            - I work very closely with the Random R-A-Cs and have had pretty
              in-depth conversation with EC and a few other dorms; I’d like to
              learn more about that and preserving each dorms process while
              looking into areas of improvement
        - Q: What are your commitments in the coming year?
            - A: 4 classes, running random desk, and grad apps, but should be
              fine
- Speech Cameron (blue, 2024):
    - Cameron \- BC president, running for housing chair because I need to go
      into retirement somehow. Have been working with Housing since the BC
      transition team and have had lots of conversation around muralling. Have
      facetime with HRS every week or every other week, and am plugged into a
      lot of the issues via DormCon. Would like to represent the entire dorm
      community and our current system; it would be really good to fight for you
      all like that
        - Q: How fast do you respond to email?
            - A: Constantly check my email
        - Q: face-to-face meetings?
            - A: I’ve got one tomorrow.
        - Q: Comfortable telling administrators something won’t work?
            - A: Usually i text zangi first and zangi usually tells me yes, you
              should say no
        - Q: How will you balance the issues of your dorm with other dorms?
            - A: There are many things where when one dorm solves a problem, it
              also solves problems for other dorms, such as with the EC mural
              panels. However, there are other issues which are unacceptable,
              such as flooding laundry that must be addressed
        - Q: How much do each of you know about intradorm housing assignment?
            - A: I basically run the floor assignment process in BC and I’m also
              talking with other dorms about their process because I’m trying to
              learn and collaborate
        - Q: What are your commitments in the coming year?
            - A: should be same, dropping TA, adding class; maybe less BC HRS
              meetings will help but integrates well with existing dorm role
- Election Result: Elected Jordan and Cameron as housing chairs

### Dining Chair

- Nominate Tyra
    - Accept
- Nominate Lindsay
    - Accept
- Nominate Sruthi
    - Accept
- Nominate Ananda
    - Accept
- Nominate Geoffrey
    - Accept
- Nominate Sara, Mateo
    - Decline
- Ananda Speech (‘25, Simmons)
    - Current Simmons prez. I am really passionate about dining, love Simdin and
      know Mark and Heather for actually going to 8 am meetings. Very passionate
      about putting up signs about how each dining has organic disposal. There’s
      different systems between each dorm and and people in those dorms don’t
      know how they work.
    - Q: on a meal plan?
        - Yes
    - Q: Specific areas of interest?
        - A: I definitely am interested in the publicity part. It’s very
          difficult to change anything with dining and we need to share with
          students that fact and the process for change. Another very important
          thing is food waste.
    - Q: how do you deal with surprises in your assumptions?
        - A: I do theatre, so improvise, adapting is my lifestyle. I’ve also
          encountered it a lot within Simmons, where the way the building works
          is not the way you expect it to. I’m also interested in negotiation
          and taking a class on it next semester.
- Lindsay Speech (‘24, Maseeh)
    - Was on INstitute Committee for Student Life; talked a lot about food
      insecurity, and wants to see immediate improvement on the dining plan
      especially with contract renewal in two years. Have lots of experience
      with this, would love to be part of Dormcon and advocate more
    - Q: on a meal plan?
        - Yes
    - Q: Specific areas of interest?
        - Had a roommate last semester with really severe food allergies; bon
          appetit does not meet standards that we set for them and we’d like to
          hold them accountable. Retail dining and publicity are also important
          issues to me.
    - Q: how do you deal with when your assumptions are wrong?
        - This has come up when I’m meeting with Mark; it’s important to really
          hear out admin, and then really communicating that to the students;
          i.e, how can we adapt to these limitations and explain to students
          “it’s not simple, but how can we move on going forward”
- Tyra Speech (‘26, EC)
    - Want to be dining hair bc it’s a very interesting time for dining bc on
      year 5 of 7 of bon appetit contract. I think there’s a lot of student
      feedback and I would be the interface between that and admin
    - Meal plan?
        - Not on a meal plan, but have some swiptes
    - Q: Specific areas of interest?
        - A: One of the main things to look at is getting a replacement for La
          Verdes in the stud as well as the other vendors. Having a convenience
          or grocery store in the stud is really important
    - Q: how do you deal with surprises in your assumptions?
        - I’m on the EC transition time and working on transitioning EC through
          renovations. So we’ll come in with our priorities gathered from
          students and admin will have different perspectives. It’s an ongoing
          dialogue that I have experience with.
- Sruthi Speech (‘24, Next)
    - President of Next; I think the reason I’m interested in dining
      specifically, there’s a large disconnect between what students think they
      can change and what they can, and there’s not a lot of transparency. I
      really enjoy being that interface and I enjoy help making compromises and
      working with groups of people
    - Q: on a meal plan?:
        - Yes, whole time
    - Q: any particular interests in working on dining?
        - A: publicizing existing programs, e.g. swipeshare, get a little more
          publicity each time. Working for students with dietary restrictions
          (vegetarian, soups, e.g.)
    - Q: how do you deal with surprises in your assumptions?
        - A: coming into these conversations with both goals that spur
          solutions, along with concrete plans; if you come in with a concrete
          plan, you should identify the ultimate goal and allow admin to use the
          knowledge of your expectations to work towards something better
- Geoffrey Speech (‘26, Next)
    - Dining chair is a particularly compelling position, as I first saw by
      helping out with the dining forum. Students, admins and dining staff can
      be diametrically opposed sometimes and dining chairs still find a way to
      make changes that help the dining experience for all parties. I think the
      negotiation and communication aspect is very cool and something I would
      like to
    - Q: On a meal plan?
        - Yes, block 225
    - Q: Specific areas of interest?
        - Interesting thing to look into is the utility of the meal plans
          themselves; e.g., some universities have systems where the swipes and
          dining dollar aspects are fused, and, in general, trying to find ways
          to make the meal plans more accommodating to people’s different
          lifestyles and eating habits could be interesting
    - Q: how do you deal with surprises in your assumptions?
        - Happened fairly recently with the mural pilot; we assumed that
          installing the panels would be modular, but we discovered that you
          have to break down the walls themselves; currently prioritizing
          getting down and actually getting a good idea of the constraints
- Election Results:
    - Tyra and Ananda elected as Dining Chairs

### Judcomm

- Nominate Temkin
    - Accept
- Nominate Mateo
    - Accept
- Nominate Sunmee
    - Accept
- Nominate Leo
    - Decline
- Nominate Sara
    - Accept
- Mateo Speech
    - President of NV. Was dormcon i3 chair previously. Want to be judcomm chair
      bc like dormcon’s advocacy and want to support it to best of ability.
      Commitments next semester are fairly large, but think I can fulfill role
      of judcomm chair and auxiliary projects
    - Q: Experience interpreting bylaws and constitutions?
        - A: Professionally, no. Did look at the DormCon constitution and am
          currently working on the NV constitution.
    - Q: This position is more of a member at large kind of position that voices
      their ideas, why do you want to be on exec?
        - Seeing a lot of the advocacy that Judcoom has done has been very
          inspiring to me and I would like to be a part of that
    - Q: If not elected Judcomm what other position will you run for?
        - Because of my time commitments, I would not be running for another
          position
    - Q: Suggestions for elections being done by 9:30?
        - More streamlined and documented election protocols \+ having hard
          cutoffs
- Temkin Speech
    - I like laws. I am pre-law. I rewrote multiple constitutions back in high
      school. It’s fun. I like government. EOM. I’m also in DormCon right now.
    - Q: Are you aware if elected for this position, you would be giving up your
      REX chair position. Judcomm is mutually exclusive with other positions and
      we would have to elect another REX chair
        - A: I will withdraw then
- Sara Speech
    - Random President. I think dormcon is very important and to some extent it
      is not well known in the community what dormcon does and more people would
      be interested if they knew that, including how elections work. I’m also
      rewriting the random constitution over the summer as a pet project, so I
      care a lot about laws
    - Q: Experience interpreting bylaws and constitutions?
        - My UROP is looking at legal things, Random had a constitutional crisis
          3 months ago, UA had a constitutional crisis 3 weeks ago
    - Q: This position is more of a member at large kind of position that voices
      their ideas, why do you want to be on exec?
        - A: Dorms is why I came to MIT and I want to have a voice in that and
          the decision-making from the student side of things.
    - Q: If not elected Judcomm what other position will you run for?
        - A: Maybe secretary
    - Q: Suggestions for elections being done by 9:30?
        - Having more protocol and encouraging people to prepare a few words
          beforehand before they come up
- Sunmee Speech
    - Junior in Simmons; previously DormCon CPW/REX chair and Secretary. Really
      enjoy being part of DormCon and am passionate about what we stand for; I
      like looking at the history of where our organization has been and I’d
      love to be in that position.
    - Q: Do you have experience interpreting bylaws and constitutions?
        - A: I used to look at laws on electric vehicles.
    - Q: This position is more of a member at large kind of position that voices
      their ideas, why do you want to be on exec?
        - A: Love to provide a voice; in the room, there’s a lot of interesting
          things happening, and it’s good to listen as they try to figure out
          things together.
    - Q: If not elected Judcomm what other position will you run for?
        - A: might run for secretary; interested in trying something different
    - Q: Suggestions for elections being done by 9:30?
        - Strict time cutoffs; that’s the biggest problem that we face
- Election Results:
    - Mateo and Sara elected as Judcomm chairs

### Secretary

- Nominate Sunmee
    - Accept
- Nominate Geoffrey
    - Accept
- Nominate Aliyah
    - Accept
- Aliyah Speech (Temkin Proxy):
    - Friend lives in McCormick, course 8+12?; discussed a lot of dorm issues
      and she wants to be involved in dorm life and dorm issues. She has a
      class. Next semester she will only have 4 classes, no conflicts; very
      passionate in dorm life, very responsible and on top of her shit, very
      cool
        - Q:
            - On all the email threads she is on, she responds very quickly
        - Q: Are you good at poking people when they don’t reply?
            - She seems like she would be. Don’t think I’ve had to be poked
              though
        - Q: Do you use social media?
            - Yeah
        - Q: How free are you on Thursday nights?
            - I’m free thursday nights and i’m only taking 48 units
        - Q: What other positions?
            - Underclass
        - Typing skills
            - Idk what she does
- Geoffrey Speech:
    - Particularly interested in secretary because of the responsibility of
      maintaining dormcon’s institutional knowledge. I spend my free time
      reading old dormcon minutes from 3 years ago and that guides my philosophy
      and how I approach things in dormcon. Further I want to use the secretary
      position as an information liaison with other dorms that want to
      collaborate with dormcon
        - Q: Do you send emails in a timely manner?
            - Overall, fairly timely; I imagine I’ll just send them night of at
              the latest
        - Q: are you good at poking people
            - Yes. I’ve done that with Will \+ Phil
        - Q: Do you use social media?
            - I use Twitter more than I would like to admit
        - How available on Thursday nights?
            - Very available
        - What other positions?
            - No
        - Typing skills
            - I can hit triple digits on a good day. Good with grammar
- Sunmee Speech:
    - I really like typing fast. Another thing I feel that secretary can do is
      improve the presence of dormcon in the community, like using social media
        - Q: email timeliness?
            - Pretty good, I would say; when I was secretary, there were some
              minutes that were sent the week of, but overall, I’m pretty good
              at sticking to the schedule
        - Q: Are you good at poking people when they don’t reply?
            - Yeah I would say so
        - Q: Do you use social media?
            - Yeah, a bit; not really on the posting side. I did the posting for
              DormCon before
        - Q: How available will you be on Thursday nights in the coming year?
            - Very
        - Q: What other positions?
            - Nothing
        - Q: Typing skills:
            - A: I was the dormcon secretary in the past
- Election result:
    - Sunmee elected as secretary

### Tech Chair

- Nominate Nate:
    - Accept
- Nominate Temkin:
    - Accept
- Nominate Cameron:
    - Decline :)
- Nominate Lindsay
    - Decline
- Temkin Speech
    - I like CS, I’ve made too many website in my time at MIT. I’ve poked around
      the current dormcon website too many times. I have time this summer and
      I’m already REX chair which does a lot of website backend stuff
    - Q: Do you know React w/ Docusaurus (DC website)?
        - Would also have to learn react, but already know JS
        - Haven’t used Docusaurus, but used a lot of other Markdown things
    - Q: Do you know React \+ Python scripts(REX booklets)?
    - Q: Do you know anything about GitHub Actions?
        - Used it quite often since middle school but also for UROP
    - Q: There’s a lot of TS/Github with the React, as well
    - Q: Athena lockers?
        - Yes
    - Q: How much time do you have over the summer?
        - Even now, I spend a lot of my free time poking around and I’m also
          planning to spend a lot of time over the summer doing web code stuff
    - Q: Have you assisted dorms with putting up things and working with IS\&T?
        - I have looked at the EC wiki and been sad. I am familiar with all the
          tools; we have a meeting with IS\&T in a few days.
    - Q: Are you willing to migrate the dormcon drive to a shared google drive?
        - I’ve seen the mess and I am willing and able
    - Q: Where are you living next year?
        - Simmons
    - Q: Ideas for projects?
        - Website for communication purposes, right now we just put minutes on
          there and I thik we could use it for more
- Nate Speech
    - ‘24 in EC; not super experienced with website things but have done them
      for Course 9 and have switched to 6-2 to be more computer science; LA for
      .009
    - Q: Do you know React w/ Docusaurus (DC website), Python, Github, Github
      Actions, and TS?
        - Not familiar with react broadly speaking but could learn
        - Learning TS this semester in (6.031); not familiar with React broadly
          speaking. Very experienced with Python and GitHub.
    - Q: Athena lockers?
        - Yes
    - Q: How much time do you have over the summer?
        - I’m doing an internship, normal 40 hrs/week over the summer. I think
          my schedule in the fall should be flexible enough that I can move
          things around
    - Q: Have you assisted dorms with putting up websites/intefacing with IS\&T
        - shadow member of EC web chair, have good experience
    - Q: Are you willing to migrate the dormcon drive to a shared google drive?
        - Yes, even though I don’t know what it looks like
    - Q: Where are you living next year?
        - Maseeh
    - Q: Ideas for projects?
        - Being on DormCon would be cool because on DormCon you would be able to
          express ideas with respect to Dorm life at meetings. Potentially,
          dorm-related event calendar would be cool.
- Result:
    - Nate elected as Web Chair

### Underclassmen Rep (1 of 2)

- Nominate Aliyah:
    - Accept
- Nominate Hanu:
    - accept
- Nominate Faith:
    - Accept
- Aliyah Speech
    - I want to be underclassmen rep; I’ve had a great time at MIT so far but I
      think that it’s important that freshman/sophomore classes have a lot to
      add to the community.
    - Q: Underclassmen Rep is not super well defined bc this is the first year
      of the position, what do you want to do with the position?
        - I agree that underclassmen rep is very broad so you can do a lot of
          things with it. It’s important to acknowledge that coming into MIT is
          a very weird time for people (CPW is not representative); being in a
          position to influence how underclassmen will experience in MIT.
    - Q: What does it mean to represent the underclassmen?
        - I think underclassmen rep is responsible for making sure you’re
          accurately portraying the needs and desires of others. A lot of people
          don’t know the history as well, so providing that information from the
          beginning of your experience is important.
    - Q: How good are you at bugging and poking people to respond?
        - I’d like to think I’m pretty good at that. USing dormspam and stuff;
          calling/texting people repeatedly when they’ve made commitments to
          things while also knowing when to backoff.
    - Q: Regarding the mural pilot, there’s a disconnect between what we want
      and what they think we want, how will you bridge that gap?
        - I think it’s very important to make sure that you’re making your
          intentions very clear and figuring out where the misunderstanding is
          coming from, is it that you want something and they want something
          else? In that case you have to communicate with them and find a way to
          bridge that gap and find common ground
    - Q: how free are you this summer?
        - I will be here all summer working at edgerton center and will be free
          most of the time
    - Q: What is the best way to get underclassmen opinions?
        - You have to engage with multiple different methods as different groups
          of people engage in different ways (eg. events, emails). I’ve heard so
          much stuff about MIT just having conversations with people
- Faith Speech
    - As a current EC resident, I’m interested in the current projects of mural
      boards in NEXT and renovations. I’ve been on EC Rencomm and transition
      team and worked to hire a community liaison. I want to get more involved
      in things like this, so I’m here.
    - Q: Underclassmen Rep is not super well defined bc this is the first year
      of the position, what do you want to do with the position?
        - I think as an underclassmen rep being ill-defined, it might be a good
          idea to make it take on some of the projects in dormcon that other
          roles might want of it. Underclassmen are also affected by everything
          that’s going on, so if there are excess tasks from housing chairs or
          dining chairs, for example
    - Q: What does it mean to represent the underclassmen?
        - To represent the underclassmen means to… for sophomores and freshmen,
          you’re doing a lot of figuring stuff out both in classes and dorms and
          that means making it a hospitable space for new people
    - Q: How good are you at bugging and poking people to respond?
        - I haven’t had to bug people much often in my life so far in this way,
          but in this way it’s for myself. But, for a position like this, I
          usually I set myself reminders for when to do things.
    - Q: Regarding the mural pilot, there’s a disconnect between what we want
      and what they think we want, how will you bridge that gap?
        - I think communications like that \- it’s important to ask them to
          repeat to you what you think they want; i.e., what they are
          prioritizing.
    - Q: how free are you this summer?
        - Working a 20hr./wk UROP this summer
    - Q: What is the best way to get underclassmen opinions?
        - I think in general, talking to people and also talking to the people
          who talk to a lot of people eg. representatives of a class,
          representatives of a group of people, or members of dorm exec
- Hanu Speech
    - EC first year, want to get involved because one thing that I learned when
      I was doing the history class before which is that half of t he MIT
      experience happens outside of the classroom. It’s the freedom to choose
      where you live and the extent that you engage with communities and the
      self-expression that is important to preserve at MIT for underclassmen who
      come in and through renovations that are going on. That’s why I’m also a
      member of EC TT and rencomm working with admin to preserve the culture.
    - Q: Underclassmen Rep is not super well defined bc this is the first year
      of the position, what do you want to do with the position?
        - I think one of the most important thing is being fully immersed in the
          living communities and giving them freedom to do what they want w.r.t
          “they know how things run”. That means learning from upperclassmen how
          to build a loft that make me learn more and feel well-connected in my
          community
    - Q: What does it mean to represent the underclassmen?
        - I think underclassmen rep, especially in terms of dorm life, should be
          involved in making dorms welcoming to underclassmen and helping
          underclassmen understand what the living communities are like and
          which ones they most fit well with.
    - Q: How good are you at bugging and poking people to respond?
        - This is something that I’ve only started doing more recently. I’m
          “swag bitch” for EC and I’ve sent emails getting people to submit
          designs and fill out forms. For me, it’s start early and start often,
          so I already have schedules for when I’m going to be bothering people
          in the future
    - Q: Regarding the mural pilot, there’s a disconnect between what we want
      and what they think we want, how will you bridge that gap?
        - I feel like when you’re representing people, you have to know what
          they want first and that is understanding what the desired outcome is
          for students and then bringing that to admin and doing it to the best
          of my ability
    - Q: How free are you this summer?
        - A: Hopefully, I’ll be SPA for Interphase; will be here for the summer
          and that’s basically the only thing you’re doing
    - Q: What is the best way to get underclassmen opinions?
        - A: I feel like talking to people directly is probably the best way to
          get honest feedback. I think I’m a pretty sociable person so I think
          that method works well for me.
- Election Results: Hanu elected as underclassmen rep

## Summary of Results

| Position          | Person             |
| :---------------- | :----------------- |
| Mitali            | President          |
| Vice President    | Rebecca            |
| Treasurer         | Melissa            |
| Housing Chair     | Jordan and Cameron |
| Dining Chair      | Tyra and Ananda    |
| Judcomm Chair     | Sara and Mateo     |
| Secretary         | Sunmee             |
| Tech Chair        | Nate               |
| Underclassmen Rep | Hanu               |

_And so too this chapter of dormcon comes to an end…_
