---
sidebar_label: February 16, 2023
---

# Meeting Minutes 2023-02-16

## Exec Updates

Cameron (BC Prez, Tech Chair) is taking minutes\! Hello\! It’s nice to see you.

Zawad starts the meeting. It is noisy. Members are instructed to project.

\~\~\~\~\~\~ Introductions for prez and exec (and residents)\! Welcome\!
\~\~\~\~\~\~

Lusi and Kevin introduce themselves with excellent voice projection.

Zawad explains GBMs are biweekly and rotate around in the dorms. (more info at
[dormcon.mit.edu/about/meetings](https://dormcon.mit.edu/about/meetings)) Zawad
explains the structure of the meetings. Exec updates go first, then DC president
updates, then Dorm presidents if there is time.

### Judcomm updates

No judcomm updates. Jordan is on the early arrival (ER) working team. Using
StarRez for ER apps (Apr 4-May 15). You’ll need to fill out a form on StarRez
for an ER.

Jordan (EC): Is this just for REX or everything?

Jordan lol (Judcomm): For anything, incl if you’re living over the summer.
Upperclass movein is also going to be earlier.

### Advisor updates

PLEASE FILL OUT THE HOUSING INTENT FORM OR LUCY WILL CRY. PLEASE DON’T MAKE LUCY
CRY. JUST FILL IT OUT. It’s very easy to fill out\! HRS wants to know if you
need housing next year. Please tell your friends to fill it out, and tell HRS if
you have issues with it. Please also read carefully.

Kevin (DC advisor) announces that he is leaving MIT, and this is his last GBM.
The mood is solemn. Kevin says he will buy exec a cake.

Zawad and Arthur strongly suggest that you fill out the form. They beg you to
fill out the form. If you’re a senior, you probably won’t have access to the
form, so you don’t need to fill it out. Zawad asks to pub the form to your dorm.

### i3 updates

Tyra is working on expanding top optionality. Waiting to hear back from Suzy on
top optionality.

### Tech chair

Let me know if your name is incorrect on the DC website\!\!

### REX Chair

Temkin has been spamming you if you are a CPW chair. He had a meeting with
admissions. On Feb 21st at 7pm in 5-134, there is a Dorms CPW meeting\! Please
send someone to this meeting, or you are at risk of being hunted by Temkin\!

Previously got 190 events \+ signature events, but Temkin is asking for 215
events (last year was 205 \+ signature). Thoughts?

Jordan (EC) recommends sticking with 215 \+ signature. People are in agreement.
More CPW events \= good.

Join the messenger gc for CPW\! Links are in your inbox if you are a CPW chair.

### Underclassmen rep

Working on implementing a new mural pilot in Next House and New House (pending
New exec approval). Watiing on Dennis Collins to give approval for the pilot.

### Dining chairs

The stud is closed but now it’s open\! But it’ll be closed after CPW\! Mitali
and Rebecca are trying to make sure students can get food when the stud is
closed and are talking to MIT dining. They would like your thoughts\!

Sending out a form tonight for opinions on what to replace Las Palmas is because
Las Palmas won’t be coming back.

Food Security forum at the end of last semester, so Mitali is trying to follow
up on that and would like your ideas.

### Housing chairs

Housing intent form is out, and everyone should fill it out. If you have
problems, email Lusi and Arthur with as many details as you can. Arthur is going
to try and set up a meeting with Rich and David on the Intent Form for next
year.

### DC Prez/VP

Zawad and Alan meeting with Suzy tomorrow, as they usually do. Following up on
previous topics: toptionality convo with HoHs, House Life Survey results, DSL
visiting committee

If all this is new, don’t worry\! Welcome to Dorm Gov. You’re cool.

Kornbluth might come to the DC GBM next week and a GBM in the fall. She was not
available during a GBM this semester.

If you have ideas for the president of MIT or thoughts from your dorm, we can
relay those\! So let us know.

DormCon is going to have a presidents day party (lies, it’s just a long meeting)
from 12:30pm to 4:30pm in 4-145. All DC Exec and Dorm prez invited, and you
should come\! It is a good time, can attest. You’ll learn about the DC
positions, who’s who on administration, and helping you learn some skills that
might be useful in your prez role.

Try to send a proxy if you can’t make it to retreat, and tell Zawad. DC Exec
will get to present their roles at the retreat.

If your dorm doesn’t have a RAC mailing list, we need to know so that you can
get on the dorms RAC mailing list. Zawad asks that you are diligent about
updating your RAC, Prez, i3, and CPW/REX chair mailing lists. Zawad says you
should talk to me to get added to all the various dorms prez things. You
should\! I don’t bite.

Finally, there will be a working group on student orgs. DC talks to admin a lot
and is a representative for the dorm community. If your dorm has anyone who
wants to work with admin on student orgs (i.e. clubs), talk to Zawad\!

Zawad hands the meeting over to Dorm Prezs\! That’s me\! And maybe you, too\! We
start with EC, and make a curveball shape.

## Dorm Prez updates

### EC

EC just did elections. They are also getting renovated at the end of the
semester. Jordan asks all the dorm prezs about how their internal house rooming
process works. 8 EC residents can staple into a house, so she asks if they would
be able to live together in your dorm. Also, can upperclassmen participate in
your in-house move process during REX week, so EC folks can get the vibes on
your community.

### Random

Random is doing fine. Finished exec committee elections. Having a minor reno in
the basement, Random “is no longer in the business of storage”, along with many
other dorms.

### New

Still have to run elections. Doing interviews for a new AD. (get it, a _New_ AD)

### Next

Just had exec transition, and trying to fill in other roles. Also interviewing
for an AD.

### Simmons

Simmons is also interviewing for AD. There is going to be a big conference for
ADs soon, and some hiring should come from there. There were only 2 interviews
for 4 dorms for new ADs.

Simmons has been having some issues with freedom of expression in posters, but
they have been resolved. Talked to HoH and referenced the MIT handbook.

CPW moved this year, and so now midterms are directly after CPW. Anyone else
have feelings about this?

CPW is now the weekend of Patriots Day (though we no longer get Tuesday off
after MarMon). Before our time, MIT shuffled around some dates so seniors could
graduate in May, except sike\! Not this year\!\! It’s June 1 and 2 lol. This is
where some of the calendar issues come from.

Zawad proposes that Admissions talks to faculty about chilling things out over
CPW so we can have a nice time.

### McCormick

Having first retreat Saturday and hosting next GBM. Food prefs?

Jordan (Judcomm): Sushi was good last time. (It was good\!\!)

McCormick can make this happen again.

### Maseeh

Nothing is going on in Maseeh \- Mark Mosser.

### New Vassar

New Vassar is running elections rn (this weekend) so the NV prez is here
illegally. They don’t have a CPW chair, but the prez assures us she’ll get one
(Thanks\!)

### MacGregor

MacGregor is now a dictatorship. Logan might handpick the next prez. Logan will
pass down CPW info to someone else, and will follow up with EC. They would like
to have “conversations”. New Vassar will also talk to their RACs for EC.

### Baker

Just finished up elections. There was construction outside Baker and they
drilled into a sewer so it smelled bad.

### BC

(That’s me\!\!\!) Most notable announcement is that Keith and Rich would like
gyms to be locked, but our common spaces got the tap readers disabled.

That’s all folks\! Please come talk to me to get your name on the DC website.
It’s very cool, so mosey on over and I’ll help you out.
