---
sidebar_label: March 16, 2023
---

# GBM Minutes 2023-03-16

\--meeting begin--

[Exec Updates](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rBJlHGCleP7zWcrnnzFU3T4uzxuUNTJ1_P3kbhe0Cko/edit?usp=sharing)

## Housing intent form

Fatima: How did it go? Did people get panicked emails?

- People were annoyed and confused that it was at noon instead of midnight
- There was also some trouble because I couldn’t access the form and they didn’t
  get back to me after the deadline and when I went to their offices they
  basically told me I was screwed
    - Basically, tried to start the process before the deadline but couldn’t
      access the form and it didn’t get resolved until after the deadline
- Problem where if you get to the page where it says “A Brilliant Success” then
  it doesn’t actually submit until you click “Back to Home”
    - RACs got lists of people who hadn’t submitted the form bc they forgot to
      click the button
    - But the form does auto-submit

Zawad: Did presidents find that their dorms mostly filled it out?

- Jordan: A few days before the deadline we had 30-40% who hadn’t but
- Baker: Our biggest issue was that our AD was very uncommunicative and we
  didn’t get any of those lists until after the deadline when our AD mentioned
  that a bunch of people hadn’t filled it out
    - RACs, HoH, and ADs are supposed to be receiving these emails
        - Please make sure that all of these people are receiving these emails

Zangi: Plz email
[dormcon-housing-chair@mit.edu](mailto:dormcon-housing-chair@mit.edu) with your
current RAC mailing lists and email addresses

## President Updates

### New House (Christina)

- Holding elections for new exec sometime in next two weeks

### Next House (Sruthi)

- No Historian, but Geoffrey lives here
- Does anyone use a pcard for large expenses bc we’re struggling without an AD
  to purchase things through
    - EC has been in a two-year battle to get a pcard and we finally got it and
      it’s very useful
        - You have continuously bugging Ramon Downes (rdownes@mit.edu)
        - Also it has to be someone in your dorms name, so maybe pick a freshman
          who will be around for four years
        - It probably (?) doesn’t have a 3k lifetime limit
    - The application is on engage and you can fill it out
    - Also Ramon Downes, like all other SOLE officers has office hours where you
      can go ask them questions in person

### MacGregor (Tyler)

- No Historian
- Extremely interesting pi day event
- Can the $1000 from dormcon for CPW be increased?
    - No, but as a dorm you can contribute more money from your own budget

### McCormick

- We had an Oscars watch party, it went well

### Simmons

- The Brazilian food is delicious
- Lights on Vassar are starting to get fixed
- historian is under simmons-historian@mit.edu
- Apparently other universities pay their student governments
    - Also UA might be getting paid

### Random (Sara)

- finalizing junior RAC appointment
- 4 historians mailing-list:
  [random-history-chair@mit.edu](mailto:random-history-chair@mit.edu)

### BC (Cameron)

- getting house manager soon ™
- I have also been contacted about AD interviews\!
- We don’t have a historian
    - But we do have alumni relations chairs
      [bc-longevity@mit.edu](mailto:bc-longevity@mit.edu)
- Noise issues bc BC has paper thin walls and floors which did not get improved
  with renovation and noise travels more vertically than horizontally
    - Creates contention between floors
    - How do you handle noise complaints?
        - Do you have a judcomm?
            - Our judcomm is a bomber so it’s kind of problematic
        - Does night watch resolve noise complaints?
        - Alan: I feel like usually we talk to GRAs
            - we usually resolve these issues a posteriori
    - Zawad: do other dorms have
        - Sruthi: There’s on floor situated above the gym and we’ve had some
          noise complaints due to that but it’s not fully resolved
        - Maseeh Prez: I think in Maseeh we usually go talk to the GRA on the
          floor where the noise is originating from
    - Cameron: We’ve been telling people to get ear plugs, but that’s not a
      great solution because our residents are not happy with that as a long
      term solution and the dorm quiet hours are not being respected
    - Alan: I feel like our philosophy is usually to resolve this through
      community discussion instead of bringing night watch into it
    - Sruthi: We had a problem with noise on our floor and our GRA bought ear
      plugs and white noise machines, which helped
    - Jordan: We’ve had GRAs tell people to be quiet before

### EC (Jordan)

- We were fundraising for our renovation on Pi Day in lobby 10 because we want
  to have more money for our renovation and I think it went well
    - Zawad: Is it going directly to the EC budget?
        - Jordan: that was my understanding, but not everyone else’s and I’m
          trying to resolve that
- Also had a discussion about postering policy with bad posters being put up and
  posters being defaced
    - Jordan: I would recommend codifying your dorm postering policy so that you
      have a basis for taking posters down

### Baker (Katie)

- We have an alumni chair, but no historian
    - Sofia Lara
- McCormick Prez, I have a question for you about the piano

### Maseeh (Mark)

- No historian, but we have a bunch of nested google drive folders
- Re: CPW funding, if we spend $1000 do we just get the money?
    - Bookbinder: yes, you do the RFPs on your end but I do need some proof that
      you did in fact spend $1000
- Tentatively doing boat cruise April 23rd

\--meeting adjourned--
