---
sidebar_label: April 27, 2023
---

# GBM Minutes 2023-04-27

[Exec Updates](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hBYmH8NBQ-5S_zNRAEkfAygxPZ23STuuQfNHkmxE9Lc/edit?usp=sharing)

## President Updates

### Baker(Chloe and Katie)

- Piano Drop happened

### Maseeh(Mark)

- Boat cruise happened
- Also treasurer got a charge from the apple picking buses last semester
    - Treasurer: Dormcon provided $1000 to each dorm to use however they want
      for that

### BC(Cameron)

- COD meeting about handrail that went missing and was recently returned
- New house manager started
- no on is in charge of the indigenous living group
    - Emailed Janelle, nothing came of that
    - We just had to shove them onto a floor
    - Sarah: General takeaway was that cultural living groups shouldn’t just be
      shoved through the process and should be subjected to actual rigor
- Still doing AD interviews, still might not get one
- Brent is not in charge of residential spaces, will try talking to Melissa
  instead
    - No paint on walls stipulation was coming down from Cynthia Barnhart

### New Vassar (Mateo and Alice)

- Started conversation with AD regarding conflicts with house team because we
  feel like home team is very uninvolved
    - Zawad: Does this mean associate HoH and HoH or also GRAs
        - Mateo: We started with that but will probably expand to GRAs as well
    - Jordan: It might be good to go to Suzy
        - Zawad: I think if it’s a direct conflict you’re supposed to go to an
          ombudsman
        - Mateo: It’s not a direct conflict
- We’re starting to codify the structure of New Vassar government
    - We’re writing a constitution

### Random (Sara)

- RACs got tentative list of summer residents
    - There’s a lot of them, so there might be summer doubles, working on
      negotiations to potentially lower this number
    - There will be many cats
    - Temporary house manager (Joe) is leaving May 2nd and we’re getting Doug
      from Sidpac

### McCormick (Maria and Zitong)

- 6-7 lounges being converted to doubles/triples
    - Riverside facing lounges, so they’re
- We’re going to have a trivia night and AD is having a finals massage session
    - Would like funding for that
- Thinking of rewriting constitution which hasn’t been updates since 2014, would
  appreciate advice

### EC (Jordan)

- EC has the former Sigma Epsilon frat house
    - Will not be an HRS space, which is very exciting
    - Have finalized list of people living there
    - 21 beds
    - Almost everyone who applied to live there is from one hall
    - Jordan will be living there

### Simmons (Ananda)

- Ahh we’re all dying and scooter hockey is happening

### MacGregor (Tyler)

- Interviewing for new wellness GRA on Monday
    - one of Macgregor’s GRAs serves as a wellness GRA as an option for students
      to reach out to
        - It was a pilot program and then they just kept doing it
- Had a dinner in response to the postering bullshit with David Spicer
- In final stages of planning for field day in which all 9 entries compete
  against each other
    - Tyler will be in a dunk tank

### Next (Sruthi)

- Next act happened as part of CPW
- broke a pool table :(
- 3 new GRAs hired
- General housing/ wing lottery happening
- i3 committee has been very unresponsive/unproductive so exec will be hosting
  an all-nighter to make the i3 video
    - Is it better to have a hastily put-together video or just use last year’s?
