---
sidebar_label: March 12, MacGregor
slug: /minutes/2026-03-12
---

# Dormcon GBM 3/12 Meeting Minutes

- 7:40
- MuLan

## Updates

1. Dining
    1. meeting with takeout container company tomorrow
    2. pilot for popup restaurant in building 4 after spring break
        1. Carolicious with $10 meal combo
2. Housing
    1. new housing chair Val
    2. rescheduling HRS meetings to get on the same page
        1. waiting to see when lottery results
        2. hygiene products meeting will happen
3. Judcomm
    1. need to review an amendment
        1. creating a position to represent undergrads in grad housing
        2. [UG in Grad Housing Amendment](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wvOPZZbb4l-hSwlyIFUDNTmBqrlPH7zC-XEV-fasEFw/edit?usp=sharing)
        3. passed unanimously\!
4. CPW/REX
    1. events due tomorrow
        1. pulling a report with admissions over the weekend
5. Treasurer
    1. funding request
        1. from EC, asking for $400
        2. [\[Spring 2026\] FemmeFAC Funding Request](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aA2eAh4GIj1aUFAjF-oOjV7lkwFux600RTMLbTCc0Kw/edit?usp=sharing)
        3. [(PUBLIC) \[DormCon\] 2025-2026 Budget](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UPuOOGkemUujGznduOHi4RSK1Wza2Hxgu3fIhYua50Q/edit?gid=1653868554#gid=1653868554)
        4. passed
6. Advisor
    1. math is BLUE
7. Underclassmen Rep
    1. Giving Day
        1. 34 donors, $1000+ raised
    2. Shuttle Committee
        1. removed old routes from PassioGo
        2. made shuttle stops more accurate & made
        3. established faculty committee on transportation
        4. some EV transition talk
        5. 3 new shuttles added
        6. will give route map for CPW to put on website
8. Secretary
    1. side quest
        1. started sketching ideas for DormCon mural
        2. will talk to dorm presidents about how they want to be represented i
           mural
9. P/VP
    1. Giving Day
    2. TFUAP
    3. Laundry
        1. SOLE put a pause on funds transfer from UA to DormCon
        2. Figuring It Out
    4. committee on emergency response
        1. Talks about the cameras
            1. there were dormspams about the cams
            2. apparently, if someone falls, they automatically call MITPD
            3. someone can come into a GBM to explain further
    5. will have a table at club midway at CPW

## TFUAP

- [proposals](https://cdn.fbsbx.com/v/t59.2708-21/650192346_2727697097574413_4117516393770513864_n.pdf/Draft-Proposal-Student-Version-February-2026.pdf?_nc_cat=102&ccb=1-7&_nc_sid=2b0e22&_nc_ohc=Kicgvw9gjsgQ7kNvwEu6B1c&_nc_oc=AdmSgvXO-60Bj7YFuOlYaHerGwkDMuVSzCVdRmczVaC8UAVsAZ30pjj8KjJK8FmmqTs&_nc_zt=7&_nc_ht=cdn.fbsbx.com&_nc_gid=TlWcxwoj1jcWIvZncnFKmA&_nc_ss=8&oh=03_Q7cD4wHb2hXvSdz2leYSv_SV3l1Pew8jlSgBnjYBAoI3e3q8IA&oe=69B52502&dl=1)
- Thoughts and responses
    - Increasing linear algebra content in 18.02 at the expense of integral
      calculus doesn’t seem helpful for several majors.
        - Math department is reviewing potential changes to accommodate 18.02
          curriculum change.
    - Increasing number of classes, even if number of units stays the same, for
      GIRs would be stressful for first-years.
    - First years want to spend less time on GIRs to allow more time for getting
      into major requirements.
    - New plan and Mens et Manus seems too structured, especially for makers,
      who enjoy freedom to explore different things.
        - Mens et Manus Scholars is meant to encourage experiential learning.
    - Combined class plans would maybe not help students interested in specific
      content areas, and adding heavy technical content might overload
      underclassmen.
    - Could some of these inclusions of more probability/stats/ML be injected
      later into course plans, when students are more settled into their degree?
    - Some of these computational requirements could be addressed by
      department-specific classes rather than new GIRs.
    - New policy proposal to focus on MIT as a residential experience, so
      emphasis on living around campus.
        - TFUAP considered adding dorm organization around coursework, but
          received pushback from heads of house. - Adding “work” and faculty
          presence into dormlife seems strenuous, disregards sanctity of
          work-life balance. - Could something be centered around encouraging
          students to form PSET groups within dorms? Without faculty overhead. -
          This and registration changes could threaten the culture of
          upperclassmen helping underclassmen. - Moving registration could harm
          first years since they would have to commit to classes without getting
          advice from upperclassmen.
    - Making GIR completion necessary in first two years seems very harmful and
      would lead to overworking.
        - Would also limit number of upperclassmen in GIRs, which many
          underclassmen find helpful.
    - Drop date being moved earlier would add to stress and limit flexibility.
    - Double-booking should be a student’s choice.
        - TFUAP: Advisors and instructors would be able to approve
          double-bookings on a case by case basis. Also this proposal interacts
          with another proposal to improve scheduling and reduce overlaps.
        - Students skeptical about “fixing” scheduling, so there would be more
          confidence if these improvements happened first before revisiting
          double-booking restrictions.
    - Many of these proposals are targeted at common MIT cultures, such as
      inattention in class and double-booking, which stem from students’ many
      commitments around campus. Cracking down on the symptoms of firehose
      culture might discourage students from involving themselves in other
      areas, which could harm their overall experience.
        - TFUAP: Trying to shift defaults, reset some of the expectations around
          academic culture. Would also change culture on faculty side, resetting
          to actually teaching content rather than just delivering it.
        - ResLife: Students involving themselves so much is great, but it can
          also lead to feeling stretched thin and can impact performance in
          academics, which should come first. Students also need to learn when
          to step back, self-prioritize, and say no.
    - Students feel there is too much overhead, too much hand-holding. They will
      make decisions they feel are best for them, without more red tape.

## President Updates

1. EC
2. Simmons
    1. scooter hockey in a few weeks
3. Maseeh
    1. nil
4. BC
    1. CPW planning and might need i3 extension
5. New Vassar
    1. ditto
6. Random
    1. have one of two new GRAs
    2. also need i3 extension
7. MacGregor
    1. pi day
8. Baker
    1. piano drop planning
        1. ramp is built
9. Next
    1. elected a social chair
    2. come to pi day event
    3. i3 extension would be nice
10. McCormick
    1. meeting with DSL
        1. transition team clarifications
            1. need to talk about gym (ignored all-women gym and had plans to
               sell equipment)
11. New
    1. not much
    2. i3 being worked on
