---
sidebar_label: February 24, Simmons
slug: /minutes/2022-02-24
---

# Dormcon General Body Meeting Minutes

Date: February 24, 2022  
Time: 6:30pm et  
Location: Simmons MPR  
Food: indian food

caragay: normally updates in the beginning but we are doing updates last because
we have two special guests today\!

mark: we’re gonna talk about meal plans which was 2.5 years ago. move through
some slides real quick and then you can ask questions. i went back through all
the work from august 2019 through march. pulled out some important slides. first
time that dining. we never shared any financial information. you’re gonna see a
bunch of financial information. ton of info in the tech. they actually covered a
bunch of info. very very accurate. mostly taken from these slides.

mark: \[first slide\] so she \[suzy\] handed this thing to us. sarah (old
dormcon prez) was on it. hohs. a bunch of people. it was fairly narrow at first.
w20 dining. new meal plans had started year before and we were getting lots of
feedback about it. this was initial info from working group.

\[second slide\] so here’s a bunch of numbers. see on the bottom that’s the
revenue 9.4 million. these were all the plans back then. 6 under the dining
halls. 10 under rest. forecasted was 9.4 million that year. never had this kind
of info available before. was at two public institutions before and this was a
standard presentation done to student govt there.

\[third slide\] revenues costs. biggest chunk is labor. 62%. what’s important to
keep in mind. all the staff you see upstairs. they’re all part of local 26\. and
they do a great job of bargaining for good pay. generally in the restaurant or
food industry labor is generally the largest cost. capital reserve over here
usually 5%. to fix stuff. whether you see bc. new house. all of these
construction projects cost much. we’re never part of those improvements so we
always have to bank on this kind of stuff. heather is working on fixing the
dishwasher machine in the basement of maseeh. any guesses? we think it’s gonna
be a million. this was for this fiscal year. the next fiscal year. pandemic
vassar was gonna open up, was gonna be 2.6 million. one of hte ideas that i
actually brought up at hdc today. there were more programmatics. next house was
the trade breakfast for late night program. wasn’t the programmatic meal plan
piece. those costs two years ago were fairly even. HoHs tend to have breakfast
in their houses. but it might be worth talking about everywhere trading off late
night for breakfast.

\[fourth slide\] so none of us were here for this. this wouldve been for what
class of 2021\. these were the meal plans being phased out when i got here
january of 2018\. there was a separate working group in 2017 that looked at this
model. couple of things. interesting flashback here. anyone who was back in
maseeh notice something interesting in that column? everyone said maseeh was
being penalized. maseeh had higher minimum than everyone else. so basic plan.
breakfast and dinner. any plan was any meal you want. so the basic plans were a
little less cost than the any plans. but we also know that breakfast is least
utilized. this whole model essentially transformed into the block model which is
so many meals a week that was applied to every single dining house. because it’s
breakfast lunch and dinner this is why they did that which was the argument
given to me. this is kinda what we’re going back to. how many weeks in a
semester? 15.7. 14 is close to 225\. 12 is close to 190\. so the model you’re
looking at right now is a return to the weekly totals now except it’s now a
block model. week plans are the worst plan. the other component recommended out
of the working group was looking at the dining dollars.

\[fifth slide\] so dining dollars is part of this change 2 years ago. required
across every single meal plan. so this year because of this change (and no one
really knows that we made this change). students this year don’t notice the
change that was made to remove dining dollars so students are paying less. 948k
per fall and spring semester. the any 19 plan. the original model you see it
just says 225\. this was presented to dormcon and public forum and we found out
that athletic teams need an any 19\. so that was the last change that came out
before we closed campus and headed back to the hills. so this phase in grid on
the right. return to that 2017 model. that’s the model that wouldve been out for
the class of 2024\. these numbers are 2+ years old now. it wasn’t really about
getting the red (deficit) back to zero. food and labor have gone up about 18%.
so these numbers were hopeful numbers.

question: what happened with the any 19? you said athletes need it

mark: right so original plan was what you see here 225, 190\. but the athletes
said they needed an any 19 so it was a last minute add. but the couple athletes
that we talked to said we should keep the any 19\. that’s why it’s highlighted.
wasn’t even back in there until march.

question: so athletes are consistently getting any 19?

mark: there’s some privacy and we don’t really look at those numbers but we
heard from the baker HoHs. the other thing we dropped off was the 30 and the
45\. the grad students were asking for the 30 plan so that might be something to
talk about. i think actually someone in simmons wanted to do a pilot for a
semester as a cook for yourself building. but all those folks upstairs would
lose their jobs. but there was a full table of ideas. like the late night
tradeoff for breakfast. but my biggest takeaway is that sharing all this
information in the frame at least is showing why we’re in the hole. i found a
report from 1997 that was a meal plan report with retail dining, even outside
the houses and catering conversations. if i take out the names we have the same
problems. we still are trying to solve these problems.

caragay: i have a couple questions about the current state. the initial goal is
trying to be less in a deficit. now looks like this is a 1 million in deficit.
is this where we want to be or are we still going to try to decrease the
deficit.

mark hayes: no it’s not exactly where we want to be but these past two years
with the pandemic. it was $25 a meal last year with all the carryout. and people
aren’t just taking out one meal it’s like four meals. so it just perpetuates
this problem. historically there’s always been some subsidy supporting the
dining program. unless we ran this like our peers. if you go to harvard or yale
they have one plan. but this is not how we are going to solve the problem here.
that’s not the culture here. there’s the cook for yourself community and stuff.
and that’s the challenge. that’s why we’re tweaking to drop dining dollars and
yeah.

caragay: 2 followup questions. are you right now at the state where in a couple
years you’re gonna followup and see whether you’re going to try to go from 1
million to 500k in deficit.

mark hayes: yea but it won’t be for a couple years. we can’t get an interested
party in opening the dunkin location. so it’s gonna be a couple years. we don’t
even know the steady state. so i think there’s not…it’s a lot of work. i don’t
think it’s gonna end up being something that helps right away. lots of chefs
coming on board. the other piece that i thought was interesting. there’s over
300 cook for yourself students that sign up for meal plans. so i think there’s
an opportunity is there if the accessibility is better the quality and the hours
are better. grad students the largest number ever signed up there. by pouring
all those dining dollars out. 2/3 of those are spent in the student center.
dunkin can’t hire enough people to open. anna’s can’t hire enough people to
open. the people who are interested at least are asking about the numbers that
come in. and they’re underwhelmed.

tina: i was wondering about the possibility of using the dining swipes to buy
food in the retail spaces.

mark: so this is easy if there’s one company running this all. but there’s like
9 retail companies. and bon appetit’s money is not anna’s money or la verdis
money. so those swipe models work when there is only provider.

someone: I thought the retail locations like those in stata are run by us. and
sloan

mark: sloan is BA they’re under the same umbrella company but they’re separate
entities. and hayden courtyard cafe is pacific street. there are so many
companies. and the more flexibility the more cost.

question: wondering about anna’s and dunkin not being able to come back in at
full capacity. but many of the cambridge places have reduced hours

mark: dunkin was actually the first to open last summer. and their hours are no
different than last summer and they haven’t been able to hire. cambridge has a
higher minimum wage. in restaurants like that the margins are so small that they
can’t pay as many people. anna’s spent two months trying to hire last summer.
smaller restaurants are struggling because the pandemic and the wage is going
up. it’s tough. not just in the hourly positions but the chefs here as well.
can’t find people to do that. there’s an exodus in this industry. we get a
working group to work in spot in the student center. it’s not gonna work. so we
have a lot of work ahead campus wide. the other thing is also maybe we have too
many places on campus. even the food trucks. asian bistro outside of stata.
they’re out of business. even the food trucks who don’t have fixed building
costs can’t survive.

mohan: this might be an anecdotal idea. since new vassar opened up with a dining
hall would this help to reduce some costs.

mark: i know there was some oscillation back and forth about hybrid or not. with
vassar. so those cooks upstairs are 30+ an hour. they’ve been generally self
sufficient. they have to be able to make their money at the end of the day. the
union positions. they’re driving the cost.

heather: we have record numbers of grad students and cook for yourself students
opting into the meal plans so that’s also somewhere we can bring in more
revenue.

mark: i’d prefer to see smaller things. like the launchpad helping startup
businesses. local businesses.

caragay: you said you don’t imagine building more dining halls for undergrads.
do you imagine having any fewer?

mark: fewer? idk. i only have been here four years. i’m looking at what makes
sense. food in general there’s a different model. ghost kitchens. ordering.
delivery. robotic delivery we looked into a couple years ago. so the technology.
nothing is going to get cheaper which is unfortunate. i think we have some soul
searching to do.

heather: you’re in a city institute where property’s a premium. there’s no space
for us. the buildings are what they are. if anything’s being built it’s not for
us

mark: if you see site 4 do you think that’s far. you see the four food truck
spots open in front of medical? the other retail over there is supposed to have
a food hall opening next summer with 14 food spots in it. whatever they’re doing
over there that’s going to siphon off some business from campus. hurt kendall
business. we’re going to have to watch and see.

tina: you said about increasing the quality of food. i was wondering about the
specific plans and how that’s manageable?

mark: heather’s spent more time as a chef than i did. right now there’s only one
chef that’s still here when i got here. that’s kind of by design and that’s part
of the weakness. so we have some new chefs coming in. these are hotel. casinos.
but it’s taken 3 or 4 years. a chef here struggles. still competes with other
houses. there’s a wonderful survey that some of your comrades worked on that
isn’t really utilized. and we look at this every morning. every feedback good or
bad helps. and we’ve only had 12 responses in these past 14? days since the
beginning of the semester. bon appetit leadership never sees those surveys. but
even their leadership they don’t know what’s going on. so we need to address
that and the data good or bad will help alot. so however you could spread the
word to utilize that. i’d rather have pages to go through than i only need a
minute because it’s only 1 page. that’s something that drives people to do a
better job. the chefs are very excited. our culinary director just left to
manage cruise ships out of france. we are pretty lucky getting the culinary
director from harvard. so we’re getting a lot of new faces so we need the
feedback. at the end of the day it’s about food quality.

heather: that feedback is really important if there’s something going wrong in
your houses and we don’t know then it’s really hard to address. there’s a lot of
eyes on it. mark and i have worked really hard with the turnover of chefs on
campus.

mark: we only have four eyes. we have 24 locations on campus. so that feedback
is really a snapshot into every retail operation.

caragay: presidents if you could bump to your residents\!

shuli: gonna wrap up right now

alexandria: i am dormcon advisor. director of ec, covering ad of random. gonna
introduce you to the new ads. start with charlie.

charlie: hi i am charlie ad of macgregor. of all the new hires. i’ve only been
here for about 4 months. so very happy to be here and nice to meet you all.

alexandria: fun fact? q of random

charlie: if you were a tree what tree would you be hmm. sequoia

akimi: hi i’m the new ad at mccormick and i use she/her/hers pronouns and this
is my fourth day here. if you’re gonna be at mccormick there is going to be an
ice cream social tonight. if i was a tree. an evergreen and a sycamore. because
they were in

kevin: hi i’m kevin the new ad of bc i use he/him pronouns. coming from duke
university. if i was a tree i would be a pine tree because man there are a lot
of pine trees.

alexandria: another new ad of baker but unable to come because the gra hiring
but hopefully be here at another gbm. (what tree would you be?) aspen because
objectively the best tree

caragay: start with updates. dorm presidents first.

zangi: my name is zangi. i use he series and they series. i am ec vp. we got a
new rac yesterday so there’s now two of us. we passed our budget. we’re having
problems with laundry machines. 5/10 are broken. filed a request supposedly
getting fixed. working on getting clothing optionality protocol approved. we got
our protocol approved by admin. but we are working on getting a new section of
it approved. new section about implementing new clothing optional halls. we
think maybe if we could get it implemented it could be implemented across
campus. (random: we do have a protocol for this)

tina: hi i’m prez of new vassar. i use she/her. the only thing to bring up to
dormcon. none of our sinks have a food grinder thing in them. but it’s a thing
that facility decided on a few years ago that none of the new dorms are going to
have them because of issues. but there is a lot of food in them and i feel like
we should have one

caragay: do you need to bring this up to someone or something?

tina: yes probably facilities thing but haven’t talked to anyone yet.

shuli: burton conner, do you know if you’re going to have food grinders?

christina: new house has them.

jordan: simmons does not have them.

shuli: any issues?

margaret: hi i’m margaret one of mccormick’s co presidents. we are making a new
house position called innovation committee/chair because many people are
bringing up new ideas for the dorm to become better. already three freshmen
telling us they want to do it\!

someone: did you see a plan to put sanitary items in the bathrooms?

margaret: yes the ground floor have them but we think since mccormick is an all
female dorm it would be nice to have them

alan: hi i’m alan next prez and we’ve been talking to keith about getting guest
list up. we recently had a fitness pole in a wing that was taken down by our
house manager.

meghana: this issue was brought up to judy. asked wing why they need to have
this.

alan: this may end up in our fitness room but people wanted it in the main
lounge.

meghana: they wanted goal of putting pole in lounge,

alan: last thing is passing our budget.

shayla: hi i’m shayla maseeh vp. emma can’t be here. we have our new floor reps
for each floor so they can start buying things. planning maseeh boat cruise
maseeh cup and 10th year anniversary celebration. hopefully getting new iron
probably chain it to the wall so it doesn’t go missing.

christina: hi i’m christina i use she/her pronouns. i’m new house president.
made gc for exec of new house and presidents of individual houses. so meeting
soon. desmond and la casa leadership are doing gra search. last thing. some
people are wondering what the hosting situation will be like for cpw about
getting sleeping bags or air mattresses. is there a historically a method for
dealing with that?

shuli: it’s never been the case in the past where dorms purchase those things.
sometimes there have been organized swaps.

mohan: jordan left so i’m gonna say no update for simmons

bookbinder: we passed our new budget. we realized that a lot of knowledge about
how floors can request budgets went missing. our new ad has been hired. jacob
oppenheimer will start mid march? (alexandria: on friday\!) we also have had a
sustainability chair but the position was not formal at all. so we are
formalizing this. getting connected with ua sustain. getting money from ua three
years ago. last november we had an in dorm pilot program for menstrual products
as well so we are going to continue and expand. we will amend constitution to
make amending constitution easier. right now you have to stick things in
people’s mailboxes. oh we didn’t introduce ourselves. i’m bookbinder one of the
two co presidents of random

sarah: hi i’m sarah the president of bc. i use she/her pronouns. going on for
three years now. two saturdays ago we had our flex event. big bc publicity
kickoff thing. pretty good attendance at that. there’s a lot of interest. a
couple floors had events throughout the week. based on social media there seemed
to be pretty good attendance at those. we have stuff coming for our lounge. now
that we have a lounge chair. they pretty much gave us whatever we wanted. seemed
to have no limit on the funding? because we were buying some expensive things.
so ec keep that in mind. the only thing is getting tap access which is through
is\&t. we have a lot of funds from the pandemic and stuff for group spending
that we have left.

shuli: do all the dorms have reserve funds? (insert yeses) (insert discussion on
how this is used)

shuli: mohan our treasurer could you get stuff written up about the reserve
account and how it works? because some presidents seem to not really know

sarah: pre covid we were talking about getting donations from alumni for
renovations and stuff. fundraising and how to tap into alumni as a dorm. playing
around with idea of using mit 24 hour thing but for dorms. wondering if other
dorms have set dorm fundraising

zangi: we have some alumni management. updating the mailing lists. some events
historically involve alumni and

ashley: i am no longer macgregor standing president. prez’s name is logan.
someone went to bob the ad about getting a mural but bob was like no that’s old.

shuli: finally meeting with suzy tomorrow. some different student groups on
campus including native american students and bsu there is some interest in
getting interest groups in residence halls but we don’t really know what this
means so we will have a working group up

mohan: julian has an update.

julian: i’m the facilities chair of simmons. basically there are a lot of
facilities in simmons that need repair or replacement. but it’s generally more
than we can source in a semester. but from what i know dormcon is sitting on a
bit of a surplus. so wondering if dormcon can provide dorms across the board
with some facilities costs.

caragay: so some facilities should not be student funds. some should be ads.

shuli: raise of hands if you have some

ashley: is this something we could get mind hand heart funds for? because this
is wellness.

shuli:

zangi: we had another renovations workshop yesterday. the architects are
generally listening to us. they seem to be somewhat taking our input on stuff.
they somewhat listened to the stuff we said at the first workshop. but if you
are continuously bugging your architects they will actually listen to you.

someone: architects have an idea of what they want to hear from you. push the
boundaries of the guided path

zawad: housing is putting a good amount of effort to make these workshops
happen. so that’s something you can keep in mind.

## AGENDA

- mark hayes
- Introduce new ADs

## UPDATES
