---
sidebar_label: March 25, Zoom
slug: /minutes/2021-03-25
---

# March 24 2021

## Dining

I need the **dorm
[dining chair mailing list](https://groups.mit.edu/webmoira/list/dining-chairs)
to be updated** so that I can get opinions of what food outside of the menu BA
offers at the dorms (grill station, chicken tenders, etc.). I also think it’d be
good to be in communications with all the dining chairs for gathering
opinions/feedbacks on policies or ideas we have in the future.

HDC Meeting coming up

Still working to set up meeting with SSC

## Treasurer

More planning for CPW funding going on. Exciting news: we are able to reimburse
prefrosh for food on Grubhub :oooo

## CPW/REX

- negotiated 2 extra events for Burton-Conner and Random Hall with Admissions

- (thanks to Faraz) got approval for prefrosh to be reimbursed for GrubHub
  orders\!
    - currently thinking about accountability & contingency plans \+ amount for
      reimbursement

- got approval for gather.town so planning how to let dorm spaces get built out

## Housing

Fall:

- Overall, things are looking hopeful. It will not look like pre-covid, but will
  be a lot closer. Plan is to bring everyone back to campus. Challenge is that
  we have to follow what MIT medical says, which will introduce constraints
  (which may be changing rapidly)
- We also talked about REX/FYRE/Move day. We have to consider the process of
  intradorm exploration \+ moving in tandem with FYRE:
    - I put a lot of emphasis on the fact that having a second-move is really
      important students. That if it is at all medically possible, even if
      logistically challenging, we think it is worth pursuing. I also discussed
      how having a REX where you meet people in person is also really important.
    - Challenges: they want us to be aware of \+ think of challenges involved in
      second move. They also want to make sure we know there are no promises
      right now that second move can happen.
        - Two classes of students moving. Both 25s and 24s would be moving,
          which in any year creates a big logistical challenge
        - COVID cleaning protocols. MIT is still following really strict surface
          cleaning protocols and anticipates continuing to do that this coming
          fall. If MIT Medical is still requiring enhanced cleaning, that adds
          to the logistical challenge of moving 2 classes of students.
        - **Are there any other challenges we can think of? Any creative ways to
          get around challenges?**
    - Backup planning: if second move cannot happen, how are we placing people
      in dorms?
        - **Do we want to have a virtual REX/FYRE? Do dorms want to have virtual
          in house room explorations?**
        - All room assignments need to be confirmed by end of July, so we need
          to think about the timeline

Housing may be reaching out to you soon to ask about if there are any 24s who
are in a major dorm government role that will need priority back into their
current dorm. This may apply to no freshman in your dorm or might apply to a
couple. It’s up to you to determine what “major” means, but be reasonable.

## P/VP

Still working on the kitchen policy proposal sent out earlier this week, hoping
to make edits to the policy tonight based on the feedback we’ve received so far
so it’s ready to present again tomorrow at office hours.

Admin concerned about opening a lot of kitchens at once considering how many
positives there have been this week, but we’ve talked about piloting the policy
by opening up just a few kitchens at first, and then expanding if things go well

Suzy also gave us \+ housing chairs a little bit more clarity on what the
situation with fall planning is \- some chance we’ll be able to return to
basically a fully normal situation, but since we won’t know for sure until
mid-summer we should plan for a form of REX/move-in that assumes restrictions
will still be in place. We’ll be talking more about the plan for REX & room
assignments at our meeting with her next week.
