---
sidebar_label: April 8, Zoom
slug: /minutes/2021-04-08
---

# DormCon Updates 4/8/2021

## CPW/REX Chairs

- figuring out how to feed prefrosh (rip attempt to get funds from admissions)

- got people into the Discord server (if running with issues in terms of access
  please msg us)
    - we have one spot left\! pls msg us to claim :)

- last minute coordinating events

- opportunity to get involved in Admitted Students’ Welcome icebreaker (msg
  Sunmee or Denzel\!)

## Tech Chair

New website in the works\! Using docusaurus (based on React) so it’s easy to
update. (Looks p good so far in Sarah’s opinion) Feel free to preview @
[dormcon.camk.co](https://dormcon.camk.co)

Jordan: \+1 to Sarah’s opinion

## Housing

Now having weekly meetings about REX/Fyre/2ndMove, housing is seeming more
willing to explore how we can make something happen. We started talking through
a big list of questions and intend to have weekly meetings on the topic. A big
challenge we will be talking about that hadn’t been raised before is that
sophomores will have to be brought back early if they want to participate in
REX. We will be working with admin to send out a pulse survey to sophomores to
get their thoughts on the whole situation.

A helpful thing would be for Dormcon to have a clearer picture of what we want
REX/SM to look like, especially when considering both first years and
sophomores. **Should the experience be the same for both class years? Should
coming back early be opt in for sophomores? How will different dorms treat
second move for sophomores v freshman?**

We also have been hearing concerns about the SHARP process and timeline, so are
reaching out to David Randall. The main issues we’ve heard is the short
timeline, high cost of living, and lack of information about what dorms will be
used. Let us know if you’ve heard of other issues from students.

## P/VP

Thanks for responding to so many of my emails on such short notice\! I will try
to avoid this in the future as much as possible. \- Sarah

Most of our updates are the same as the housing chair updates because our
meetings have been combined the past two weeks, we’ll also be meeting with Suzy
next week

Kind of tied up in all of the discussions about FYRE is revisiting the
principles from the 2019 rooming assignment redesign workshop & reviewing the
house action plans with you all (the house presidents) as we think about the
circumstances for move in in the Fall \- hoping to discuss this in more depth
when we meet with Suzy

Not much progress on kitchens currently since we ran out of time at the last
meeting, hoping to get things rolling again pretty soon, just waiting on admin
to schedule meetings at this point

Connected w/ the alumni association on putting together an actual dormcon alumni
list\!

## Dining

Had a meeting with dorm dining chairs and they’ll be emailing their residents
about recycling bags and other things and reusing bags. We will also be creating
signage to put in dorms near trash/recycling bins of what can/can’t be recycled.

There’s an HDC meeting next week where I’m hoping to bring up a few things
mentioned at the dining chair meeting, such as bettering relations between
students and staff by having staff wear visible name tags and possibly doing
chef of the week posters like NV does.

Also going to emphasize providing more vegan options to all dorms and extra
(burgers, chicken nuggets, chicken tenders, etc) options to RA dorms.
