---
sidebar_label: March 11, Zoom
slug: /minutes/2021-03-11
---

# 03.11.2021 DormCon Updates + Candidate Info

## Housing

David Friedrich recently sent out an email regarding opening up non-enclosed
common spaces\! Along with increasing the gym capacity numbers to allow for pod
members to work out at the same time. They are still working on (aka asking
Peko) new wait times between groups using the gym, guidance should be released
on that soon.

Presidents, if you have any questions about the implementation of COVID policies
in your dorm, David Friedrich (<dfriedr@mit.edu>) has said you should feel free
to reach out directly to him. You should also keep your Heads of House, AD, and
House Master in the loop about any questions you have. Figuring out the answers
to COVID health policies or implementation details should not be on you, please
reach out to David with questions. I am also happy to be an intermediary if that
would work better for you, feel free to email me\!

Other than that, summer / fall planning is starting. I don't have more details
yet, but will be meeting with housing next week.

## President & VP

First set of ADRL finalist interviews were this week, we had a lot of
conversations about what DormCon is looking for in an ADRL and what that
collaboration looks like

Meeting w/ Suzy next week to talk more about summer/fall planning

Will be working this weekend to consolidate feedback from retreat discussions &
follow up on any action items

## i3/RAC

I3 meeting today, RAC meeting Tuesday

gist of the meeting yesterday:

- covered timeline of housing sign ups and rooming for summer and fall
- discussed assignment priorities including:
- priorities for BC residents/groupings of 8
- placement of '24s through first-year housing process (this will be further
  discussed \- how to balance exploration of dorms with requests of people
  currently on campus, how temp housing will work)
- potential improvements to housing form (preferences for single gender
  bathrooms)
- all subject to change with COVID guideline

## DormCon Election Candidates

### Tech Chair

#### Cameron Kleiman

**Year:** 2024

**Dorm:** Burton-Conner

**Favorite Color:** Blue

**Why are you interested in this position?**

I want to run for Tech Chair because I love making websites and helping people
by using technology\! I'm currently BC Webmaster, and I collaborated with
Dormcon to build the SCUFFY website last fall. I've also worked internships in
tech doing web development, as well as developing my own side projects. As Tech
Chair, I'd like to continue learning how best to use MIT technology
infrastructure to help MIT students and work with Dormcon to make lots of
awesome things possible\!

**What other time commitments do you have this semester?**

I'm on a gap year working an internship from home, so I don't have any
commitments related to school. I should have a decent amount of time to dedicate
to this position if need be.

### Housing Chair

#### Laura Rosado

**Year:** 2022

**Dorm:** physically Simmons, Baker in spirit

**Favorite Color:** yellow (team instinct)

**Why are you interested in this position?**

Love knowing things, love telling people about the things I know even more.
People tend to care about housing, and I'll tell them everything they need to
know. (In all seriousness, my time as Baker president has given me experience
understanding and working with housing, and I'd love the opportunity to continue
that work with a great constituency.)

**What other time commitments do you have this semester?**

48 units, swimming (practice 3x a week), ELO

#### Mohamed Mohamed

**Year:** 2022

**Dorm:** Maseeh

**Favorite Color:** Green

**Why are you interested in this position?**

I worked throughout the summer to bring pods and collaborated with dormcon. The
report I generated was in collaboration with heads of house, DSL and MIT's IDSS
lab. Then I went on to advocate for reopening indoor spaces policy (which
passed), and worked on helping define the different types of spaces in
collaboration with Judy Robinson(DSL) and Tessa McClain. After that I worked on
UA on various projects ranging from working with MIT Emergency Management,
bringing pods to site4, UA Hack, and currently implementing hack ideas.

I spent most my time working with DSL on topics relating to housing with the
current housing chairs and this will be an opportunity for me to focus solely on
housing.

**What other time commitments do you have this semester?**

UROP, and 4 Classes
